watch: these are the leftists mitt romney, john mccain, marco rubio and our liberal media attacked president trump for not defending
new trump comments confirm that bannon could be on his way out
watch: paul ryan basically admits republicans will kill birth control coverage for women
breaking udate: iran confirms $1.7 billion was ransom payment for prisoners and not part of “nuclear deal” original story: obama and kerry agree to give iran $1.7 billion u.s. taxpayer dollars as “settlement”
busted: young nj democrat chairman caught punching 75 yr old blind veteran volunteering at polls [video]
megyn kelly reportedly not very popular with fox staff…book sales are “biggest loser since hillary clinton’s book [hard choices]”
obama uses labor day to harm private sector with new executive order giving government an unfair advantage with workers
two lgbt men horrifically burned during anti-gay hate attack
donald trump unveils genius obamacare alternative: ‘we’ll work something out’
‘miracle’ connection for parents of college student killed by terrorists in france and heroic strangers
republicans kill trump’s dream to repeal obamacare, ready to work with democrats
mcconnell says he’ll obstruct any effort to hire independent special prosecutor
trump boasts about opening of first new coal mine of his presidency
radical leftist who dismissed charges against muslim terrorist shooter is potential supreme court nominee
condoleezza rice: ‘america was born with a birth defect – slavery’
rabid conservatives blame obama after fox reports older whites are killing themselves at an alarming rate
watch: fox host whines how it’s not fair that men can’t condescend to women
fbi director comey’s ‘leaked’ memo explains why he’s reopening the clinton email case
whatever happened to trump’s second wife? [video]
republican compares preexisting conditions to car accidents: ‘you should pay more’
today: list of u.s. cities where “day of rage” is reportedly planned…scott air force base posts warning
watch: bill maher shuts down former rnc chair’s ‘bullsh*t argument’ for trump
trump just went full hypocrite on national parks and he’s getting trashed for it
‘christian’ dad forced 14-year-old daughter to marry much older rapist who impregnated her
bernie sanders thanks obama for not endorsing a candidate…only hours later, obama endorses crooked hillary [video]
just back from a golfing vacay, trump says he’s done more than any president ever
aclu defends illegals? sues doj, ice over arrests of illegal alien teen gangs: “that was play-fighting”
the panama papers: how the 1%’s greed has literally been killing millions of people
tim allen visits jimmy kimmel show…says he has to “be careful” around intolerant liberals “it’s like 1930’s germany” [video]
90% of hollywood political contributions have gone to this one candidate
viral video: german youth deliver powerful anti-refugee message to political leaders: “we are ready for the reconquista!”
jeb bush blasts steve king’s anti-immigrant racism in awesome twitter burn
breaking: dnc hacker fired for bank fraud…blames islamophobia and “ultra right-wing media”
watch: bill o’reilly just got caught lying about defending roger ailes from sexual harassment lawsuit
dr ben carson’s wise words on attack on christians in pakistan [video]
trump claims he has done more against isis than obama, the scorecard says he is lying
casting crisis: orlando’s actors, agents and casualty role players
‘christian’ ex-mayor raped 4-year-old girl for three years and blames her for it
open-border liberals put entire nation on high alert: german spy chief warns 1,000+ radical islamists ready to attack…over 100 isis members among refugees
protesters can’t stop a humble trump: delivers a powerful message to detroit [video]
loser trump rants about hillary and the election again, twitter mocks his petulant insecurity
is our first amendment right being stolen by thugs? young man saved by cops after he was savagely beaten by black lives matter mob for wearing trump hat [video]
watch: fbi may have very high-level witness to blow russia scandal apart
lady gaga gives most amazing national anthem in history, homophobes lose it
watch: rob reiner destroys team trump claims that obama should be blamed for flynn
(video) awesome! trump shows univision reporter how to deport illegals: “we start with the gangs.”
breaking email leak: “bernie needs to be ground to a pulp…crush him as hard as you can”
(video) watch our childish president turn his back to the iraqi pm at the g7
greta van susteren slams fox news for not dealing with roger ailes sooner
canada sends troops to u.s. border to deal with illegals and asylum seekers running from trump’s new policies on immigration
guess who’s trying to tie amnesty for nearly 800,000 illegals to end-of-year spending deal? two hints: it’s not a democrat and he has a huge wall around his home
trump just had a massive meltdown over sally yates, and everyone is laughing at him
yea! gop senator goes off on liberal dem spouting lies about trump tax plan: ‘gimme a break!’ [video]
twitter goes ballistic after trump’s penis joke: ‘some things you just can’t fact-check’
bwah-ha-ha! artist brilliantly captures hillary’s reaction to her fear of “alt-right” media
[video] hillary’s van blows by elderly people in wheelchairs waiting to see her on way to manufactured event
house gop puts disgusting restriction on who’s allowed to see their new healthcare plan
wow! dem strategist bob beckel says wikileaks founder should be assassinated:”i’m not for the death penalty, so illegally shoot the son-of-a-b*tch!”
breaking: death for welfare leech and boston jihadist… jury gives muslim terrorist first class ticket to hell…
watch: adam schiff double dog dares white house to let sally yates testify
twitter claims they’re cracking down on “hate speech”…but allows “i hope trump is assassinated” to trend
fox guests attack each other after someone calls hillary a ‘bigot’
federal judge steps in to review legroom on commercial flights
fail! the trump organization’s credit score will make you laugh
most divisive potus ever takes swipe at trump using despicable alinsky tactic [video]
why is jill stein demanding a recount? is hillary camp using her in desperate effort to stop trump?…”is hillary clinton willing to risk a civil war in america?” [video]
dear kids: socialism is not cool…socialism kills [video]
unreal! former gitmo detainees protest at u.s. embassy for freebies from the u.s.
patrick and hesher: ‘dni, cia have lost the plot, and rt is beating cnn’
republican response to obama’s scotus nominee is infuriating
cnn just said the dumbest thing about president obama and the internet is letting them have it
obama gives illegal aliens in flint, mi amnesty so they can get free sh*t from taxpayers
obama’s gal pal loretta lynch won’t recuse herself from crooked hillary’s criminal investigation…despite private meeting with hillary’s impeached husband
watch: huckabee flips out as voter confronts him over support for duggar child abuse
cnn blasted for fake news on trump…finally issues retraction
trump’s approval rating drops again to new record low
boiler room – ep #56 – pharmacological nightmare
breaking: republican house intel chair threatens the press after asking about russia
tillerson slams biden comment: ‘show me your results and i’ll tell you your commitment’
‘liberal media’ scrubs clip of chuck todd saying something mean about ted cruz
just in: potus speaks out on alabama’s roy moore…the left goes bonkers [video]
the war on christmas has come to bethlehem
migrant girls as young as 11 arrive in sweden married and pregnant
‘christians’ create grisly haunted house claiming pulse nightclub victims got what they deserved
trump knocks clinton’s mental stamina but can’t even remember what day it is
must watch video: here’s why “deep state” is at war with trump as democrats cheer [video]
sean hannity accidentally makes the case for media’s scrutiny of trump’s vets fundraiser
more trump victims surface as condo scam is revealed, millions lost as he profited
find out if your senator voted to help obama with the fundamental transformation of america
ann coulter accuses trump of initiating the biggest ‘sell-out’ ever
breaking: president-elect trump meets with president obama [video]
trump took federal money meant for small businesses affected by 9/11 attacks
bruce jenner cashing in big time with new identity: “i’m the new ‘normal'” [video]
full speech: trump rocks south carolina with a huge rally!
trump’s ignorance is going to turn the gop convention into a world class clusterf*ck
trump is now faking poll numbers to claim he’s winning, clearly insane
wapo does honest hit-job on hillary’s failed jobs promise while ny senator
rambo loves “the donald”: hollywood icon expresses his support for trump as liberal heads explode
exclusive: ex-bernie delegate reveals why he fled democratic party for the greens
hillary panders for black vote: busts out in awkard, fake laugh when “grieving mom” brings up cheating bill [video]
yes! trump’s utah audience chants ‘four more years!’ [video]
watch: black actress stacey dash destroy argument by hollywood race agitator and wife of will smith: “either we want to have segregation or integration”
watch: trump supporters believe these bizarre campaign ads are real
new handgun design folds up like smartphone…but is this really a good idea?
nudging to war: u.s. shoots down syrian army fighter jet
america shocked to learn that immigration opponents are actually racist jerks
it begins: kamikaze drone equipped with bomb to be set off by remote detonator found in stolen truck…could be used for terror attacks against u.s. targets
white man murders cop and racist media stays silent
every u.s. citizen taken hostage in iran to be awarded millions…with a catch…iran’s not paying…you are!
the white house had way too much fun trolling birthers over ted cruz
france’s president confirms he intentionally humiliated trump with that handshake
drama queen chris matthews claims republican ‘fanatics’ believe we should own this one thing [video]
breaking: supreme court blocks texas abortion restrictions
ga cop arrested, charged with felony murder
palestinians stepping up stabbings: dramatic video shows palestinian man stabbing israeli police officers…israeli teen stabbed on bicycle
sean spicer blows press briefing, contradicts trump administration with insane statement on russia
watch: sean hannity offers to step in after he sees heartbreaking viral video of young boy crying over being bullied for his appearance
barack and michelle reportedly offered $60 million for memoirs…wait till you see our exclusive sneak peek
ted cruz makes a stunning confession to jimmy kimmel
putin threatens to release 20,000 “top secret” emails from hillary…why judge napolitano says this is very bad news for hillary [video]
partners in crime: goldman sachs, the clintons & wall street
bette midler goes after mitch mcconnell again in hilarious new tweet
alt-left vandalizes catholic saint statue: “the statue should come down”
boom! thug who lit baltimore cvs on fire…wreaked havoc on city…gets shocking sentence [video]
how president eisenhower solved the illegal immigration problem in america
classless hollywood lib addresses thousands at commencement speech…drops “f-bomb” in whiny opening line
un official tied to clintons set to face trial, found with throat crushed by barbell…un claims heart attack is cause of death
president trump calls out media for ignoring pro-life march: “they say the press doesn’t cover them” [video]
it’s happening: trump says rudy giuliani will head ‘commission’ to figure out how to ban muslims
trump gets brutally reminded of the sh*tty way he treated mccain after releasing pathetic statement
america’s worst fear: how our punishing president will harm america in his final months if trump wins
bill maher just dropped a truth bomb about trump voters that every liberal needs to hear
rip proud patriot: marine dies after delivering powerful message to president trump, mike pence, general mattis: “give ‘em hell…semper fi…god bless” [video]
stunning betrayal! 43 republicans, in dark of night vote to approve obama’s transgender bathroom decree
hollyweird lib susan sarandon compares muslim refugees to jesus’ family
melania saves taxpayers a fortune by making shocking cuts in number of aides at white house compared to lavish michelle obama
trump sticks to racist birther conspiracy theory, won’t admit obama born in usa
obama just crushed trump’s delusional claim that he ordered trump tower’s ‘wires tapped’
super bowl champ player busts into wh press briefing: “need any help?”…liberal snowflakes have a meltdown! [video]
cnn panel breaks out in chaos after someone claims “black people are prone to criminality”
why ugly hate and division in america is actually obama’s fault [video]
minnesota republican: gay people are mentally ill, need treatment for ‘unhealthy sexual addiction’
o’reilly blasts fox news’ liberal murdoch brothers after disastrous viewer ratings are revealed
holy rigged election! obama regime considers special declaration to take charge of elections! [video]
republicans turn on trump, throw him under the bus for f*cking up health care plan
tucker carlson embarrasses liberal professor who said he “wanted to vomit” after passenger gave up 1st class seat to u.s. soldier [video]
controversy over christian flag engulfs small town
state department official says trump acted like a “drunk tourist” in europe
27 people murdered in texas mass shooting, and trump’s response is classic racist
breaking: trump hits back at rep john lewis who declared trump’s presidency “illegitimate”
unreal! this one photo sums up the anti-trump liberal wackos
college students admit they got extra credit for attending hillary rallies…
more voter fraud for hillary! hillary supporter who attacked trump: dead grandma voted 3 times from his address…brother with misspelled name also voting from his address [video]
street artist censored for painting of hillary clinton in bikini
trump supporter’s hilarious viral video mocking cnn’s 1-star app rating has everyone laughing!
did ups secretly fly “refugees” into u.s. from the middle east? watch governor chris christie’s shocking interview with bill o’reilly
president trump crashes wedding: shocks wedding guests who start chanting “usa! usa! usa!” [video]
bikers for trump: “not going to put up with” violent leftists disrupting cleveland gop convention…will protect delegates “right to peacefully assemble”
nbc puts viewers out of their misery…cancels disastrous megyn kelly show
billionaire ‘bilderberger’ david rockefeller dead at 101
obama to grant work permits for spouses of illegal aliens on may 26, while 89% of long-term jobless americans would ‘search harder’ if benefits ran out
kkk members showed up at nevada caucus with pro-donald trump signs (photos, tweets)
watch: west virginia governor announces he’s leaving dem party at massive trump rally…switching to gop…more #winning
tennessee: armed fugitives wanted for murder of 2 prison guards, one who was working overtime to care for sick wife, get big surprise when brave armed citizen nabs them [video]
if you’re easily offended, don’t watch this american pastor’s rant: “has america gone stupid?”
breaking news: trump’s chief strategist, steve bannon is gone!…ann coulter: not good news, trump should’ve hired “ten more like him”…newt gingrich sounds alarm
wikileaks email: hillary camp calls conservatives in church amazing “bastardization of faith” [video]
h.s. football team stages “die-in” to show support for kaepernick’s “disrespect the flag” movement…while american soldiers are dying for freedoms our flag represents
flashback: uncovered video shows hypocrite harry reid telling congress “no sane country would have birthright citizenship”
busted: trump took millions of dollars from saudi arabia despite saying he would ‘never’ accept their money
lewis black slams cruz: he’s so creepy that no one notices he’s a bully too
donald trump just tweeted his most insane, convoluted rant ever
breaking: angry black lives matter activist admits to starting massive la apartment complex fire as pay back for death of thug michael brown
wow! one courageous man stands against rioters holding best sign ever!
watch: democrat heads are exploding after what newly elected alabama senator doug jones just said in defense of president trump and his supporters
samantha bee slams ‘moderate’ john kasich’s disgusting anti-choice record
liberal hollywood implodes! ratings are in for the trump-bashing emmys…insignificant celebrities are dealt major blow!
dramatic video released: brave soldier tries escaping north korea under gunfire [video]
breaking: cop finally gets his due, walter scott’s killer sentenced to prison
joe biden’s son beau dies at age 46
dear america: we tried to warn you
open-border liberals put entire nation on high alert: german spy chief warns 1,000+ radical islamists ready to attack…over 100 isis members among refugees
leftist legal expert dershowitz calls out 9th circuit for playing politics: ‘not a solid decision’ [video]
watch: bernie sanders blasts netanyahu’s treatment of president obama
while #unfithillary rests and parties with donors…key swing state polls show trump’s hard work is paying off
awesome photos capture a “badass” trump and his retired navy seal cabinet member on horseback
the u.s. establishment vs the rest of world
trump loses his sh*t after nordstrom stops peddling ivanka’s sh*tty product line
elizabeth warren: kkk supports trump more than the leaders of his own party do
breaking: trump goes full racist again, pardons sheriff joe arpaio
[video] should rinos and democrats fear trump’s presidential bid? “i would build a great, great wall on our southern border and make mexico pay for it”
msnbc host actually chokes while saying giuliani could be attorney general
cnn panelist laughs in corey lewandowski’s face after hearing new trump victory plan
oops! dinesh d’souza points out something that’s missing in photo with #wannabepresident obama and baby at airport
‘the lord’ told a trump-loving tow truck driver to leave a disabled woman stranded–so he did
judge jeanine tells us what the smoking gun is in the clinton foundation [video]
the washington post trashes ivanka trump in hateful hit piece that smells of trump derangement syndrome
obama throws gasoline on black terrorists war on cops: “the moment is here”
fox news chooses muslim “victim” to question gop debate candidates…you’ll love who she’s supporting for president
gerald celente: top 10 trends for 2017
self-admitted sexual predator who supported wife, enabler of sexual predator “worries” about sexual predator in white house [video]
this tidbit buried inside trump’s ‘medical report’ proves he’s paranoid as f*ck
muslim organization with terrorist ties want to prohibit police from protecting themselves at planned rnc riots in cleveland
how buzzfeed is using social media “news” feeds to teach white kids to hate themselves
sins of socialism…doctors pumping air into infants lungs by hand…no antibiotics…children die in filthy venezuelan hospitals
sarah palin just said the stupidest thing on twitter and got humiliated for it
plane forced to turn around, police remove naacp president from flight over argument with passenger
bristol palin being sued for custody and child support, probably wishes she had practiced abstinence now
van jones guarantees 8 years of president trump: “that was one of the most extraordinary moments in american politics you have ever seen…period” [video]
this 21 year old texan woman gets it: “put me in charge!”
mark zuckerberg rides shotgun with dale earnhardt, jr: “holy sh*t!” [video]
breaking: obama alongside canada just made huge move to protect earth from trump
breaking: house republicans work to cut off federal funding for syrian refugee resettlement program
a picture is emerging: everyone who has ever known ted cruz grew to hate his guts
breaking: hillary clinton’s comments on the ‘rights’ of the ‘unborn” will send a chill up your spine [video]
watch the criminal history of hillary and bill: clinton insider explains their crimes and why they never got caught
breaking news: woman who narrated brutal torture, scalping of mentally disabled young man on live facebook video gets disturbing sentence
border patrol agents rat out dhs: government secretly puts illegal aliens on busses…dumps them off into unsuspecting communities across america
two muslim uber drivers charged with multiple sex assaults of college students
‘veteran loving’ trump fires veterans because their service inconveniences him
‘bizarre’ hillary clinton after election tells of screaming into her pillow [video]
watch: mika brzezinski turns the tables on trump, wants his psychological health examined
dirty pool! fbi and doj just affirmed they spied on trump without proving dossier’s authenticity
good riddance: james clapper resigns as director of us intelligence
hollywood libs create insane propaganda video for obama: warning iran will bomb us with nukes if congress blocks obama’s deal,”like a really dark unpleasant death toast”
update: judge orders cancellation of redskins trademark registration – washington redskin’s new stadium construction held hostage by petty obama administration
republican insiders predict the party will implode at gop convention
lol! cnn interview abruptly ends when student who started protest at betsy devos speech realizes he can’t explain why he’s protesting [video]
maine democrat congressman makes death threat against president trump…calls trump supporters a**holes, dumb f**ks
alabama pastor says people who don’t stand for national anthem should be executed
busted: fox news worked with trump to circulate fake news on seth rich conspiracy theory
trump’s taking credit for inaugural singer’s album sales in pathetic, ego-fueled tweet
breitbart’s joel pollack brilliantly shuts down “the view” lunatics [video]
the u.s. constitution just ruined trump’s day: he’s now being sued for his twitter activity
breaking: muslim shot dead in paris after rushing police hq with knife, was living in german refugee shelter
whoa: fox news just went full racist in chinatown with appalling segment on trump and asians
republicans betray paul ryan and mitch mcconnell – obamacare repeal doomed
hollywood secretly made this trump movie starring johnny depp, and it’s amazing (video/images)
ouch! new book takes readers inside hillary’s nasty campaign: self-righteous hillary was ‘so mad she couldn’t think straight’…attacked her aides…focused too much on black voters…bill gave aides an “ass-chewing”
george clooney hammers trump for insulting meryl streep instead of focusing on running the country
wow! video surfaces of bernie sanders praising communism and bread lines [video]
jay leno wants someone to beat ‘the crap’ out of trump so he learns this valuable lesson
blm protester leaves angry after watching ferguson- the play in nyc…realizes she was lied to by media: “why did i demonstrate ‘hands in the air…don’t shoot’?” [video]
lesbian couple in new jersey insists state is forcing them to have sex with men
new “fair share” app, “equipay” allows users to split restaurant bill between guests, based on gender, sex and race
louisiana cop claims murdering a 6-year old child was self-defense
oops! did the media think voters would forget about hillary’s “friend and mentor” late kkk leader robert byrd? [video]
lol! arrogant obama begs congress to save embarrassing legacy…do not repeal obamacare [video]
top republicans trash trump’s immigration proposal, gop in pieces
watch what hillary says about trump’s bigoted campaign in her first ad targeting him
hillary owns this! how clinton brought black african slavery to libya [video]
texas trailer park shootout leaves four dead after 19-hour standoff with police
‘trumping’ america’s liberal elite: the failure of political correctness
ben carson to call it quits, will spend time exploring grain pyramids with jesus
it’s a win! karen #handel beats democrat…crowd chants “trump, trump, trump!” [video]
intel committee member: ‘innocent people don’t ask for immunity’
10 u.s. navy sailors held by iranian military – signs of a neocon political stunt
watch: kellyanne conway gives dreaded answer to liberal hack, “this week” host george stephanopoulos’ question about trump’s plans to run in 2020
a vote for hillary is a vote for ww iii: are you ‘with her’ nuclear holocaust? [video]
“whose streets?” not yours! nc passes law shielding drivers who hit protesters blocking roads [video]
bill clinton caught groping flight attendant on plane until he realized camera was recording him [video]
12 muslim migrants gang rape 13 yr old girl…muslim lawyer blames girl
ep #19: patrick henningsen live – season finale – open phones
bam! rudy giuliani does a number on political hack george stephanopoulos [video]
trump brings love for america back to dc! president-elect trump wows crowd with awesome speech at union station [video]
democrat senator al franken thought it would be hilarious to do an snl skit about drugging and raping 60 minutes reporter: “when lesley’s passed out, i take her to the closet and rape her”
beautiful! trump hits liz warren and huffpo with great zingers! [video]
high school v.p. warns students: “only terrorists we need to fear are “domestic white ‘christian’ men with easy access to guns.”
it’s official: the united states government is censoring climate data
in brilliant op-ed, hillary clinton opens up about her flaws
jpmorgan ceo blows up at the dc dysfunction: tired of listening to the ‘stupid sh*t’ [video]
family living ‘traditional lifestyle’ torn apart: police seize 10 homeschooled “off grid” children from their family
obama’s racism czar, “reverend” al sharpton calls for federal police force
“it’s a war!”…armed illegal aliens are running farmers “off their own property”…while obama’s “folks” riot for illegal alien rights [video]
trump administration is already talking about withholding harvey aid
bravo! col ralph peters hammers obama on why his trip to hiroshima is so offensive [video]
breaking: “today” show’s billy bush punished for saucy talk with trump in 2005…is this 2016?
tucker carlson to border angels founder: why shouldn’t borders be protected?
whoa: it appears trump leaked classified cia info to fox news
patriots white house group photo sure to infuriate trump after obama comparison surfaces
syrian muslim immigrant hairdresser slits female employer’s throat after media hailed him as “example of successful integration”
new poll embarrasses the hell out of trump – he lost to more than hillary
reagan’s warning to us: “those voices don’t speak for the rest of us” [video]
remember trump’s biggest campaign promise? yeah, well, he was just kidding
muslim athlete given “hero’s welcome” arrested for sexual abuse of 12-yr old girl after senator schumer helped him get around u.s. visa denial
cranky socialist bernie sanders has a temper tantrum and walks out of interview [video]
man caught peeping on little boy in airport bathroom – but gop worries ladies might have a penis
(video) new ad from carly fiorina hammers hillary in a big way!
rape deemed legal in oklahoma because you can’t substitute force with intoxication under the law
hillary’s new 404 page on her website is actually pretty damn hilarious
illegals voting in maryland city elections just the tip of the iceberg in trend of illegal alien voting?
trump’s doj chooses sides in supreme court case of baker who refused to make cake for gay wedding
stunner! florida trump event: former haitian senate president drops clinton bombshell exposing unbelievable corruption [video]
dirty jobs’ mike rowe: great opportunities out there that people don’t know exist [video]
shout poll: should apple give fbi backdoor access to iphones?
boom! camping world ceo tells trump supporters to shop elsewhere…nascar legend cancels $150,000 order
watch: trump assumes black reporter can set up a meeting with black lawmakers for him
liberty report talks to vanessa beeley: ‘everything the us media says about aleppo is wrong’
gay voters and #blacklivesmatter to obama, but kids with cancer…not so much
infamous climate denier falls apart after bill nye makes him a $20,000 bet he knows he’ll lose
hysterical! jesse watters busts the idiotic “white privilege” trend on campus: “i don’t necessarily feel it” [video]
neil degrasse tyson’s beautiful, yet completely scientific, tribute to the lgbt rainbow
fema denies aid to baltimore for riot damages – mayor plans to appeal
new normal? massive music festival in angela merkel’s islamic migrant nation of germany evacuated after “concrete terror threat” [video]
episode #9 – on the qt: ‘cozy bears & eggnog’ – sober analysis of russian hack hysteria
tough texas mayor who fought back against implementation of sharia law in her city will join trump team [video]
update: cruz comments on his desperate vote shaming in iowa
lol! fake indian elizabeth warren returns dna kit real indian gop senate challenger sent as birthday gift
ga town mandates gun ownership: here’s what happened to the crime rate…
explained: the west’s ngo ‘human rights’ scam
breaking: freddie gray head injury matches bolt on door of transport van
“trumpocrats” speak out: lifelong democrats dump hillary…abandon party to support trump [video]
wikileaks clinton campaign email: uneducated, “unaware” supporters not as easy to manipulate as before
rep. ted lieu has a response to sean spicer’s daily lies; it’s glorious
oscar disaster: wrong best picture announced after night of boring political speeches…is the death of awards shows near? we hope so! [video]
legal expert jonathan turley shoots down joe scarborough’s case against trump: “not obstruction” [video]
usa today smacks trump upside the head over his crazy idea that obama and hillary helped isis
world’s most famous victims purchase stunning number of luxury homes…not a bad payout for a couple who divided our nation
moviegoing hits 22-yr low…la times blames everyone but anti-trump hollywood
is obama’s big $72 billion dollar bailout of puerto rico on the horizon or will it become the 51st state? [video]
trump just admitted he knew flynn lied to the fbi before he asked comey to drop the investigation
flashback: key democrats call for violence in the streets…”march, bleed, die” [video]
poll shows hillary leading trump with this surprising demographic for the first time ever
it’s more likely that a us insider, not russia, can rig a us presidential election
national security alert! obama administration giving out green cards like candy to migrants from muslim nations
democrat thugs vandalize republican offices across several states…now who’s “deplorable”?
voodoo doughnut’s one-of-a-kind dessert is the perfect mockery of ammon bundy
fox host gives conservatives the best advice for how they should vote in november
hillary clinton’s muslim sidekick goes after dr. ben carson on twitter
this trumpcare provision will let trump further enrich himself while he’s in office
obama interferes in french election: ‘folksy’ video endorses globalist over brave nationalist woman [video]
first grader “investigated” in principal’s office for ‘misgendering’ trans student
stephen colbert gets donald rumsfeld to admit the iraq war was all a lie
brilliant nigel farage on how the gop can win “real” america back [video]
“everyday american”? u.s. taxpayers pick up the huge tab for bill clinton’s limo ride to a luxury retailer
george takei just brilliantly destroyed trump’s rambling, insane interview technique
disgusting video shows syrian parents sending 7, 9 yr old daughters to blow themselves up for allah
the reason this latino democrat is voting for trump will make you rofl
usda might want to rethink removing country of origin from meat after chinese meatpackers busted for this…
‘family values’ republican busted for having a sex video of himself on government computer
trump’s muslim ban protects america by separating a badly burned baby from his family
bill maher did not disappoint in his reaction to sarah palin’s endorsement of trump
cnn host stunned after trump advisor denies evidence of assault allegations
bombshell case: illegal alien voting cover-up exposed as virginia governor blamed for thousands casting ballots
boom! liberal columnist gets destroyed by tucker carlson when he can’t answer why he lied about senator jeff sessions [video]
why anti-trump billionaire mark cuban couldn’t have picked a worse time to announce he’d like to run for president [video]
trump slams obama and vows to undo cuban policy
clinton global initiative member to moderate first debate…they tried to scrub his name from the cgi website!
susan collins bucked party, voted to protect kids, seniors, women and entitlements
hey democrats! judicial watch just discovered hillary invited putin to 2009 clinton foundation gala…is this the collusion you’ve been looking for?
james woods has social media in tears after tweeting hilarious videos of two of the most ignorant liberals in america [videos]
viewers are shocked to see american flag fall when democrat party leader mentions hillary clinton’s name during live msnbc interview [video]
obama regime’s secret asian trade deal would let international tribunal overrule state and fed laws to benefit foreign companies
murderers and rapists for hillary: va governor, close clinton friend gives 206,000 felons voting rights, releases them from jail before election
the angry left attacks trump for letting 11-year old mow white house lawn [video]
mcdonald’s future is scary: bottomless fries and automated cashiers
isis’ blasphemous ramadan attacks prove they’re not muslims at all
hysterical! maxine waters for potus? “oh no! we don’t elect poverty pimps!” [video]
irs gives “after school satan club” tax-exempt status in 10 days…tea party groups still waiting
hillary clinton’s real record on lgbt rights
we’ve got the list of bill and hillary clinton’s speeches you won’t believe!
the “make america great again” do-it-yourself” kit
trump makes an even scarier threat after promising riots: we’ll ‘win with our second amendment’
ann coulter calls for assembling ‘death squads’ to kill undocumented immigrants
wow! “we mexicans need to kill donald trump before he becomes president…cross the border and go and kill trump and his supporters” [video]
trump vineyard asks labor department for more foreign workers instead of americans
watch: black pastor totally shuts down trump, and he backs away like a wimp
can’t-miss: bernie and hillary mop the floor with trump for not paying taxes like everyone else
watch live stream: sarah palin to endorse trump – big day of endorsements for “the donald” [video]
out in the open: ‘9/11’ 15 years of a transparent lie
ultimate hypocrites! russian ambassador visited obama’s white house 6 times during hillary’s uranium deal…bill clinton bagged $500k speaking fee in moscow [video]
cnn found the perfect way to troll trump’s live announcement today
wow! why trump’s pick for labor secretary withdrew just hours before his senate hearing
how can hillary say this with a straight face? [video]
under the gop’s health care bill, premiums could rise by up to 850% for low-income older americans
live feed: inauguration 2017!
anti-trump communications specialist for un arrested in nyc for robbing banks during lunch
rudy giuliani turns into a blithering idiot when confronted by cnn host
eu leaders pledge extra €1 billion in aid to refugees…slovakia will take eu to court over forced refugee quotas
judge jeanine pirro rips into hillary clinton on her history handling terrorism [video]
breaking: you’re fired! fbi director james comey out!
cory booker scorches trump over new muslim ban in blistering tweetstorm
key trump advisor: elton john will perform at inauguration for “first american president in us history that enters the white house with a pro-gay rights stance”
(video) obama lectures iran on just about everything: ‘chanting death to america doesn’t create jobs.’
senators up in arms over obama administration plans to move gitmo to two different states
insurance agent calls robert reich to bully him for money, guess who he supports for president
cafe owner reacts in awesome way after town told her to remove “god bless america” banner from front of restaurant
dem senator goes on heartwrenching tweetstorm about gun violence during trump’s nra speech
ted nugent reveals the most anti-american thing there is – prepare to laugh hysterically
transgender antifa thug starts to burn american flag…pro-trump biker gives him big surprise [video]
watch: gay cyclist shuts down hate preacher with one epic comeback
breaking: man rushes to paris police station doors with knife screaming “allahu akbar”…was he another “muslim clock boy?”
mike pence hilariously claims there’s no basis for racism claims against trump
holy rigged election! obama regime considers special declaration to take charge of elections! [video]
bernie sanders releases mini-documentary on florida’s migrant workers
the white house released trump’s border wall requirements, and they are comedy gold
(video) obama on letterman: “we ignore pockets of poverty” but obama’s stimulus gave $1.8 billion to baltimore
will julian assange be assassinated before he releases “october surprise” he’s threatened for hillary [video]
donors are so terrified of trump, they’re begging gop to find 3rd party candidate to sabotage him
what beyoncé just announced she is doing for the children of flint is absolutely magnificent
unc campus police laugh in rape victim’s face . . . because football
everyone is wondering just what james comey will do next
cell phone footage of cop brutally assaulting student will make you sick
hysterical! comedian joe piscopo imitates maxine waters, adam schiff, bernie sanders [video]
obama’s embarrassing farewell interview: mom was “hippie” but shaved her legs…promises to take 5-star mooch on “nice vacation…she deserves it”
watch: trump just accidentally admitted he still believes obama was born in kenya
#nfl tweets about tom brady’s deflategate appeal denial…ignores isaiah crowell’s image of cop’s throat being slit on social media?
wikileaks: hillary clinton plants anti-gun radicals at town hall: “make gun control a top priority” [video]
nicole kidman breaks ranks with hollywood leftists…speaks out in support of trump’s presidency [video]
trump ‘diversity council’ member threatens to quit if trump ends daca…bye, bye! [video]
angry black activists start vile social media campaign over public sympathy for paris terror victims
the left wants to ban the word “terror” to avoid offending muslims
trump gets stomped for whining about president obama using air force one on campaign trail
6 syrian, 1 libyan migrant arrested after setting sleeping homeless man on fire
obama uses world stage to announce plans for executive action on gun control in u.s.
the gop’s efforts to kill millions through trumpcare might finally be dead
univ of ga professor allows students to choose their own grades to help alleviate stress
border patrol agents rat out dhs: government secretly puts illegal aliens on busses…dumps them off into unsuspecting communities across america
nh car dealer gives away free ar-15s with car purchases – gun nuts sickeningly rejoice
busted: trump supporters get caught creating fake badges to intimidate voters at polling places
boiler room ep #119 – zombie disneyland & the decline of western society
intel chair stands up to dems calling for his ouster: “democrats want me to quit because i’m effective at getting to the bottom of things.” [video]
oops! was antifa terrorist who threatened acid attack on trump supporters caught violating his probation today? [video]
bernie sanders could end up winning iowa
kasich loses it after reporter asks about his only win, and it’s kinda hilarious
trump shamefully uses hurricane devastation to promote tax cuts for the wealthy
boiler room – ep #56 – pharmacological nightmare
trump goes full propaganda declaring he knows better than any expert
watch: chuck todd puts the screws to mitch mcconnell for not giving merrick garland a chance
now we know what this top republican really did to children, and it is sick
this die hard trump supporter has now gone full #nevertrump
bernie sues to allow 17 year olds to vote
trump blasts senate rino on twitter…exposes real reason he’s not running for reelection
angry punk admits to slashing tires, dumping rotten yogurt in sunroof over trump bumper sticker: trump supporter has perfect response
(video) congressional budget office: debt headed to 103% of gdp – last seen at end of wwii
breaking: naacp stages major sit-in at office of trump pick for attorney general
obama’s press secretary just smacked down a huge sean spicer lie, and it’s glorious
nader talebzadeh: they planned and he plans
watch: texas inmates break out of cell to save jailer’s life
this historic lawsuit may finally expose trump’s tax returns
awesome! ted turner jr hammers commie loving hillary and bernie [video]
oklahoma lawmaker blasted for saying: “shouldn’t mosques be removed after 911 by antifa logic?” [video]
former campaign finance co-chair blasts christie for trump endorsement, pulls support
‘one for the ages’ full video and transcript of trump’s incredible un speech [video]
sorry nancy! here’s proof democrats have nothing on jeff sessions [video]
woohoo! vets get rights back: obama’s overboard gun regulations for vets rolled back
alec baldwin didn’t even wait for trump to whine about snl before smacking him around
harvard law professor calls for electoral college to dump trump
the gun shop owner that banned muslims is now selling obama, bernie and hillary targets
kellyanne conway agrees with comparison of obama appointees to terrorists, whines about obstruction
report: trump has chosen his next communications director…and she will be perfect for the job!
“hillary will be indicted”
ridiculous! muslims chant “allah” and protest with call to prayer inside dallas airport [video]
“kill him…kill him”…good samaritan trying to save teen girl gets brutally beaten [video]
cnn anchor shockingly tries to support obama’s iran ransom payment…over and over! [video]
alabama republicans just proved they hate local democracy and the working class
hollywood hypocrites: these lefty celebs play for brutal dictators but not for trump
former clinton political advisor: “i left when hillary hired secret police to go after woman victimized by bill” [video]
co judge removes daughter from mother’s care for making comments to other adults about chemtrails: ‘she is a danger to her daughter’
trump embarrasses himself with most pathetic twitter post yet, and gets burned
state’s attorney lied: baltimore police had probable cause due to a warrant for gray’s arrest
taxpayers paid same women who crushed babies’ skulls for living and sold their lungs to advise obama admin on “healthy baby” births
breaking bombshell: obama’s foreign policy guru admits to shocking lies obama told to sell americans on iran deal
judge jeanine pirro: rioters need to pay the price with prosecution! [video]
white house staffer admits, “this s***’s hard” as the trump administration faces steep learning curve
betsy devos asked a dumb question on twitter and got her a** handed to her by teachers
dixie chicks’ natalie maines unleashes hilarious twitter tirade against trump
fbi and cia host job fair in u.s. city with 40% muslim population…feeling safer yet?
watch: trump embarrasses america by throwing temper tantrum in front of nato leaders
car torched and sprayed with “f*ck trump” because of pro-trump sticker
the numbers are in: here’s how the catholics voted in this historic election
hungary’s badass prime minister responds to threats from eu…and his response is making everyone want to stand up and cheer! [video]
former epa head finally admits she was wrong about ground zero air quality
boiler room ep #112 – uk election, omran & technocratic tech
over 100 colleges will hold separate graduation ceremonies for gays as part of a “cultural celebration”
pathetic: jeb bush gets his mommy to take on bully donald trump
trump to make huge economic speech in a city ruined by decades of dem corruption…oh the irony!
vatican advisor: says pope will call on world at un to join crusade for a new world order…would like us to pay $845 billion global tax to combat ‘climate change’
trump trolls try killing megyn kelly’s book and amazon isn’t having any of their sh*t
war on words: facebook censorship widens, website to curate ‘favored’ news
ted cruz’s campaign manager burns chris christie: he gave his balls to trump
just in: badass general john kelly shoved chinese security official’s hand off us military aide carrying nuclear football during trump meeting in beijing
trump spokeswoman humiliates herself while trying to make democrats look stupid
list of 3 companies who caved to leftists…pulled ads from hannity show after he discussed seth rich murder
watch: racist republican gets her a** handed to her for claiming trump campaign wasn’t racist
whoa! hispanic trump supporters scream at anti-trump thugs: “go back to mexico!” [video]
two stunning new polls show these staunch red states could turn blue to avoid electing trump
the world is terrified of trump’s foreign policy speech, here’s what they had to say
boiler room – ep #58 – lord of the pedo rings, political correct hellhole & political puppetry
the list of 34 house republicans demanding permanent amnesty for obama’s daca “kids”
leftist actor george clooney announces break from acting…“i don’t need money” after latest movie tanks and actress accuses him of getting her “blacklisted” for reporting sexual abuse
violent environmental lunatics cost taxpayers millions to protect trump’s epa director after receiving “unprecedented” number of credible death threats
drunken cop arrested after holding fast food workers at gun point
this is great! anti-hillary street art pops up everywhere in brooklynhillary clinton’s supporters were calling certain words used to describe her as sexist. words like entitled, ambitious, and secretive… the area around hillary’s campaign headquarters was plastered with this:
(video) remember death panels in obamacare? they’re baaaaack!
lol! why this list of gop “leaders” have no business condemning trump
the tweet trump sent the day his son had russian collusion meeting is disturbing as hell
sean spicer’s twitter history comes back to bite him in the ass, trump pissed
clinton’s ‘no-fly zone’ over syria will not “save lives” – it will lead to war with russia
(video) black comedian paid by u.s. gov’t to deliver anti-white racist tirade at fed agency
(video) bam! obama lectures kenyans on gay rights but kenyan president slaps back
watch: nicolle wallace just ripped trump a new one for having so much secret contact with russia
us media silence as pentagon deploys rangers armoured regiment on the ground in syria
robert parry: sorting out the russia mess
leftist legal expert dershowitz calls out 9th circuit for playing politics: ‘not a solid decision’ [video]
watch: tucker carlson just heaped praise on trump for looking directly at the eclipse
watch: actor who was dragged off jimmy kimmel show by security for groping ivanka trump is fired from movie for sexual harassment claims
republican congressman rejects trump in scathing open letter, will vote for hillary
madness in berkeley: anarchists clash with trump supporters at pro-trump rally: “that guy got hit in the head really hard” [video]
mainstream media ignores massive protest against obama’s sweetheart deal for corporations: “biggest protest this country has seen for many, many years”
white hollywood stars say black actors should be ‘patient’, and the oscar boycott is ‘anti-white racism’
how trump is accelerating the decline of us global influence
breaking: texas cop stabbed 14 times by man who “had a desire to kill a police officer”
in case you forgot, here’s hillary clinton’s resume and very long list of accomplishments
donald trump could be running the greatest scam in american history
cory booker eviscerates rnc’s hateful tone, ‘lock her up’ chants
bilderberg: more secret meetings with trump advisors, us senators
remember when democrats, media mocked betsy devos for suggesting schools may need guns to protect against bears?…look what just happened!
dick morris: how hillary hired “secret police” to threaten, smear bill’s rape, sexual assault victims [video]
fox host throws hissy fit because he can’t call president obama the n-word
watch donald trump vow to radically expand torture laws as president
woman working out with husband told to stop wearing tank top to gym…reason why is outrageous!
just in: why anchor #mattlauer was just fired after decades with nbc [video]
colin kaepernick is not alone anymore – fellow athletes join his protest
delusional democrat al green: “i will draw up documents of impeachment” [video]
“you’re not welcome!” obama as welcome at roseberg funerals as westboro baptist church members [videos]
did beyonce and jay z’s “vacation” to communist cuba set stage for obama to pardon fugitive, black panther cop killer?
trump responds to devastating clinton attack by slamming her looks
barack obama goes there…compares president trump to hitler in front of chicago audience
boom! watch video found proving gen. kelly right on ‘grandstanding’ cowgirl congresswoman [video]
stephen king’s new metaphor for trump is going viral; trump will be furious
watch michelle obama and conan o’brien entertain u.s. troops in qatar
germany crisis escalates: muslim migrants masturbating in pools, defecating in showers and pool, storm women’s locker rooms
bravo! laura ingraham destroys juan williams on calling trump’s picks “team of radicals” [video]
bernie sanders calls out trump over his obsession with bill clinton’s sex life
leaked documents show how this american citizen works to affect outcomes of elections around the world
dixie chicks’ natalie maines dusts off infamous quote to thoroughly troll ted cruz
breaking: secret gop polls show trump in total collapse, congressional candidates fear wipeout
whoa: clinton just effectively sh*tcanned debbie wasserman-schultz
shocking videotaped interview with barack hussein obama’s “brother”malik: ‘i’d like to see him (barack) be for real, not so deceptive’
pelosi giggles nervously: “after i met president trump i prayed for america” [video]
breaking: trump announces “phenomenal” tax cut plan for businesses in next 2-3 weeks…stock markets respond [video]
“deal with facts!”: tom brokaw calls out political hack andrea mitchell on her comey narrative [video]
this deranged michigan congressman thinks disaster relief for flint is unconstitutional: here’s why
trump retweets hilarious video of him hitting golf ball that hits crooked hillary in the head…left goes nuts!
watch megyn kelly prove she has no idea how the first amendment works
military coup in turkey: obama makes it clear whose side he’s on [video]
trump’s biggest kkk fan is back, and he just loved those anti-muslim tweets this morning
reince priebus interview: is speaker ryan to blame for health care bill’s deafeat? [video]
newt gingrich says federal workers who voted for hillary clinton will be fired
muslim group makes demand that every confederate statue be banned and removed
after republicans gut zika funding, rubio says infected women can’t have abortions
whoa! clinton grifters bagged $100 million from “blood minerals” firm
assimilation update: afghan muslim immigrant living in germany makes violent rap video [watch]
busted! h.r. mcmaster caught communicating internal white house info with deep state’s mccabe
proof they know she’s losing…hillary’s campaign spokesman tells trump: “go f*ck yourself” during debate
benghazi victim’s sister shocked by bill clinton’s comments: “clearly misguided sympathy runs in the family.” [video]
tomi lahren: “i guess jill stein wants to see hillary be the first female to lose the election, twice” [video]
trump snubs world leaders on climate, pulls out of paris accord
msnbc: “the trump ‘resistance’ has to become a church that seeks converts” [video]
carly fiorina: ted cruz’s chances of winning are as real as those planned parenthood videos
“get angry”: how obama’s “purple army” is teaming up with illegal aliens to steal the vote in 2016
watch! fox news on high anti-trump propaganda mission: obama/clinton stooge masquerades as unbiased pundit [video]
germany: 10,000 muslims allegedly registered to “march against terror”…actual number is much less, after largest taxpayer-funded muslim group says march would send wrong message [video]
numerous public rapes of teenage girls reported at swedish music festivals: “rapes at swedish festivals are not really news anymore”
chilling! fox reporter james rosen recounts being spied on by the obama mafia [video]
skywriter leaves hilariously honest messages about trump above rose parade
trump is building literal, actual concentration camps for undocumented immigrants
muslims silent after terror attacks…but blame trump after witnesses give description of “tall hispanic” who killed ny imam and assistant [video]
breaking: major health insurance carrier may pull out of obamacare…expects to lose over $200 million in 2016 alone
democrats freak out as shocking number of union members plan to vote for “blue-collar billionaire” donald trump [video]
new normal? massive music festival in angela merkel’s islamic migrant nation of germany evacuated after “concrete terror threat” [video]
cher humiliates democrats over childish neil gorsuch “tantrums” in one brutal tweet
(video) amazing! ted cruz gets code pink to shut up and listen on iran nuke deal
hillary’s state department destroyed 13 of her mobile devices with hammers…watch incredible 2015 video: hillary tells reporters she only used one mobile device [video]
an arrogant obama admits he’s learned nothing as president
breaking: president trump pardons sheriff joe arpaio [video]
what will happen to your guns under president trump?
report: if trump builds a border wall, we’ll actually be paying mexico for the materials
wow! hillary’s rapist husband has to hold her up as she makes way to vehicle after devastating debate [video]
elizabeth warren shatters republican effort to thwart obama scotus pick
watch: white trump voter tells fox that president obama is to blame for racism
revealed: loretta lynch given talking points for secret clinton ‘tarmac meeting’
nikki haley gets crucified on twitter after bragging about shameful act
watch: mike pence’s photo op with puerto rico survivors just went terribly wrong
no more fun freebies on backs of hard working americans: kansas takes “fun” activities out of welfare
dem. rep. says steve bannon is a ‘stone cold racist,’ has no business meeting with black caucus
trump biographer: the donald has a long history of lying about taping people to intimidate them
what the heck! why was al gore meeting with the trump team today? [video]
obama knew drone killed u.s. hostage…never told family who paid huge ransom and was still negotiating for his release
gq magazine pens repulsive article on brilliant neurosurgeon: “f*ck ben carson”
trump just thanked his supporters for being ‘vicious’ and ‘violent’ toward hillary
whoa! hispanic trump supporters scream at anti-trump thugs: “go back to mexico!” [video]
woman who made viral ‘naked trump’ painting was assaulted, beaten near her home
actor rob lowe blasts greedy socialist bernie sanders
here’s a simple how-to guide for shooting down a ‘gunsplainer’ (video/tweet)
washington’s criminal activities are only getting messier
megyn kelly drops the hammer on roger ailes, details sexual harassment by fox news boss
whoa! republican governor just compared donald trump to mass murderer dylann roof
libertarian presidential candidate gary johnson embraces every manufactured liberal crisis: black lives matter…global warming…colonization on mars [video]
spineless speaker: paul ryan caves to trump’s most insane campaign fever dream
huma abedin makes covert visit to dearborn, michigan – home of largest muslim population in us
leaked documents: george soros gave 600k to pro-refugee groups to influence “attitudes”
the boston globe releases powerful cover with this simple demand
local citizens to bundy terrorists: ‘get the h*ll out!’
full interview: judge jeanine pirro’s in-depth interview with president trump [video]
usa today article blames whites for mlk murder: whites killed mlk. now we honor him…centuries of kidnapping, torture, murder, rape”
donald trump vows to start his administration with a vacation; the internet erupts
trump fan running for congress says he will ‘make america white again’
watch: scaramucci cried about how hard it is for wall st. elites, so president obama crushed him – to his face
russian lawyer at trump jr.’s meeting has worked for russian spy agency
how to blow $700 million: al jazeera america finally calls it quits
watch: maxine waters starts disgusting chant at women’s convention…crowd goes crazy: ‘i’m still shaking’ [video]
lol! prince of country who gave hillary $50 million begs americans not to vote for trump
breaking wikileaks bombshell! murdered dnc staffer seth rich was dnc leaker: “he was my whistleblower”
donald trump jr posts disgusting lie about london’s muslim mayor minutes after london terror attack
women in the world founder has the perfect description for trump’s crazy presidency
throwing gas on racial fire? va police confirm….governor terry mcauliffe lied about weapons being hid around charlottesville by white nationalists
finger wagging maxine waters on illegal aliens and the wall: ‘this is their country!’ [video]
watch: chicago teacher’s union takes over the streets to save their school system
commander in chief approved racism? u.s. military makes shocking disciplinary decision for 16 black west point cadets
spineless gop proves majority means nothing …senator schumer brags about not funding border wall: “budget deal reflects democrats’ principles”
the worst environmental disaster since the bp oil spill is happening and the media is ignoring it
sunday screening: psywar (2010)
after democrats filibuster for 15 hours, republicans cave, allowing a vote on gun control
no longer a fantasy: could hillary clinton actually drop out of the race?
woman corners gop senator trapped on flight, demands explanation to trumpcare
president obama uses presidential powers to do one more awesome last-minute thing
trump declares war on nfl in early morning twitter meltdown
here’s the brilliant plan to make george zimmerman regret auctioning his gun
birmingham tells alabama gop to go f**k themselves, passes highest minimum wage in the south
david letterman offers advice to crybaby comrades: “stop whining…figure out a way to remove trump”
church replaces jesus in nativity scene with drowned muslim syrian boy
hiv positive, crack smoking, liberal actor charlie sheen wishes death on donald trump…gets destroyed on twitter
breaking: close friend of bill and hillary clinton, huge democrat donor arrested for threatening to kill president-elect trump at inauguration
audit reveals: 150 afghan troops have gone awol in u.s. during training…some still missing
priorities: obama puts illegals before social security retirees in a big way!
shaquille o’neal: “the earth is flat. yes, it is.”
asked why he’s defending abortion group pro-bono, lawyer drops truthbomb pro-lifers will hate
patriots owner on trump: “in the toughest time in my life, he was there for me when my beloved wife died, he called me once a week for about a year, ‘how ya doing?'” [video]
van jones unapologetically calls donald trump a ‘superpredator’: ‘he’s confessing to sexual assault’
trump’s team is so incompetent they couldn’t even book a hotel room for g20 summit
who is shanika minor?…why was she on fbi’s 10 most wanted list…and why wasn’t her gruesome story splashed all over the news?
seth meyers torches trump’s nafta flip-flop with awesomely dirty joke
“sneaky” school caught red handed recruiting kids to work for the clinton campaign
caught! fbi arrests man poisoning produce at local grocery stores [video]
trump has been financing the ‘crown jewel’ of his empire with money from his worst enemy
fox news tries to discredit potus for saying he wants to cure cancer
false profits: the u.s. military’s war over russia
breaking: megyn kelly just gave the ultimate ‘f**k you’ to fox news, and it could destroy the network
trump hater, comedian-actor george lopez says president trump should “deport the police” to make streets safer…leads audience in anti-trump chant “f**k that puto (male whore)” [video]
somali immigrant charged with multiple stabbings at mall of america has interesting meaning behind his islamic name
whoa! melania trump breaks her silence…fires back at trump accusers [video]
trump tweets his dumbest ‘sweden’ garbage yet and gets torn apart by the internet
ha! you won’t believe hillary’s luxury “scooby” van!
breaking: us supreme court rules king obama overstepped authority…executive amnesty for 5 million illegal aliens/ democrat voters not going to happen
cnn reporter embarrasses himself with idiotic response after former “face the nation” host praises trump’s saudi arabia speech [video]
sarah palin, kid rock and ted nugent visited the white house; they were as white trash as you’d think
racist white football player goes free after raping black disabled teen with coat hanger
the ‘fake melania trump’ conspiracy theory is taking the internet by storm and it’s everything
steve bannon promised that there is ‘no doubt’ we will be at war with china soon
breaking: ga, ky, wv confirm they suspect obama’s dhs hacked their election networks [video]
ca cops brutally beat man accused of jaywalking, charge him with assault
breaking: rino resigns…boehner announces he’s leaving in october after five long years of supporting obama’s radical agenda
whining michelle obama: “people don’t understand how hard this is” [video]
there are already four ways trump could be impeached — here are the details
valerie jarrett claims obama’s presidency was “scandal-free”…here’s a list of obama’s top scandals that prove she’s lying [video]
trump supporter aims loaded gun at black lives matter protesters
brainiac protesters vandalize…attempt to take down ‘peace’ monument
twitter user suggests “climate deniers” should be shot
‘black’ gop super pac is secretly all-white
michael moore wants america to know “we are all muslim”…even though we’re a majority christian nation
brilliant! president trump offers congress hard-line deal on immigration…shines spotlight on democrats’ agenda to put votes before american citizens
dear rnc: an everyday american writes a letter to explain the trump phenomenon
diplomatic frauds: kerry, power, kirby lying and shilling for ‘body bags’ and war in syria
the internet can’t stop laughing at sarah huckabee sanders’ dumbass tweet
“flush target” truck will travel to every store in mn delivering a serious message: “i don’t feel safe at target…” [video]
the truth about why sore loser obama is using “russian hackers” story [video]
carlos santana praises president obama, says trump is something he saw at a zoo once
reopen the kurt cobain case? [poll]
even robert e. lee didn’t want confederate monuments to ‘keep open the sores of war’
meet zari, the first feminist muppet from afghanistan
confirmed: trump tried every corrupt trick in the book to obstruct the fbi’s russia investigation
in order for trump to “drain the swamp” he’s going to have take on the alligators…and here’s how [video]
michael moore goes off on trump’s speech, blasts him for this one sick moment
angry leftist grills democrat on russia scam in epic interview: “i think we should tell the people the truth” [video]
breaking: aclj files lawsuit against obama’s corrupt attorney general for secret bill clinton meeting on plane during hillary investigation [video]
former georgia congressman and “dukes of hazzard” actor defends the confederate flag
breaking! #demexit bernie sanders leaves democrat party!
wow! state department lies again about the big lie that the benghazi attack was caused by a video
(video) racist hillary clinton spouts ridiculous stereotype pandering to blacks
bombshell discovery: radical muslim father of hillary’s top aide huma abedin advocated for forced sharia law
mockingbird redux? cnn’s role in peddling fake ‘nothing burger’ russia-gate news revealed
the internet rips trump adviser’s face off after saying sean spicer is always ‘100 percent correct’
hookers for hillary: why they’ve got her back…[video]
judge removes 1 yr old from home of married lesbians: should be sent to “a more traditional home”
dear america: stop supporting terrorists in syria, and around the world
priceless! bernie sanders tells msnbc host he’s not a democrat while touring with dnc chair to promote dem party [video]
‘portal to hell’: the internet loses it over mysterious red lights flashing inside the white house
disgraceful: us air force can no longer afford 21-gun salute at vet funerals…plenty of funds for muslim immigrants
report: trump blocked his own campaign from vetting his past
germany displacing residents to make way for syrian refugees: nurse shocked after being kicked out of same flat for 16 years
“proud transgender” democrat candidate for congress turns out to be a fugitive…arrested in wisconsin
insider firm ‘flashpoint’ tied to orlando shooting, now investigating ddos hack on america
muslim woman arrested for spitting on her fellow white walmart shoppers but what happens next is more upsetting
why is illegal immigrant voting a legal possibility in some cities across america?
trump lied about ‘spontaneous’ call with taiwan, they had been planning to talk for months
ivanka just threw her father under the campaign bus: ‘i’m not a surrogate’
trump condemned by jewish leaders in poland after snubbing warsaw ghetto memorial
wow! 3 muslim brothers working for dems in congress caught accessing unauthorized top-secret government intel…one has criminal background…may have ties to muslim brotherhood [video]
breaking bombshell: state department busted in cover up regarding hillary’s server
episode #162 – sunday wire: ‘the revolution will not be televised’ with guest vanessa beeley
trump surrogate warns of ‘taco trucks on every corner’ if hillary wins
here are the five state department rules that hillary violated [video]
democrat senator reprimanded for comparing female trump nominee to a horse: ‘it’s dehumanizing’ [video]
protesters bring 51-foot long joint to white house demanding marijuana be rescheduled
reckless: democratic party creating a ‘russian scarecrow’ in us media & politics
trump’s plan to rein in wall street? tax cuts, no oversight, industry insiders in the white house
trump’s lawyers never talked to him without a corroborating witness because he lies so much
breaking: #ericbolling out at fox news
was the secret to donald trump’s hair just found along the shores of norway?
george w. bush breaks silence: no more “mr. nice guy”…hammers obama
[video] dinesh d’souza warned us about what the world would look like if we gave obama another term in “2016: obama’s america”…was he correct?
watch: megyn kelly owns transphobic texas lt. governor over bathroom laws
racist sign calls for lynching black people to prevent them from getting equal rights
kellyanne conway, trump jr. spread false info about capitol shooter to blame it on liberals
god squad: jury finds polygamous mormon towns guilty of discriminating against ‘non-believers’
lindsey graham says gop blocking scotus nominees is ‘going to be the new rule’
watch: jake tapper humiliates trump with the sad truth about his pathetic first 100 days
john mccain explodes on young fox reporter: calls him ‘dumb’ and ‘stupid’ for asking if his votes are protest of trump [video]
president obama hilariously skewers trump’s hateful rhetoric in thunderous speech
espn just fired curt schilling for this despicable facebook post
colbert says goodbye to rubio in epic sendoff
top trump minion calls for imprisoning the editor of the new york times
ted cruz demands we put immediate halt on plans to bring refugees with terror ties to america
unbelievable: obama stands firm on taking random refugees…leaves targeted iraq and afghan interpreters who helped u.s. troops behind
fbi releases damning information about russian collusion, trump terrified
trump spokeswoman slips up, says trump’s immigration plan won’t work
trey gowdy scorches hillary clinton in his opening statement at benghazi hearings [video]
trump supporters threaten bloody rebellion and assassination if they lose on election day
woman arrested for dwi has jaw-droppingly stupid reason for saying cops targeted her
obama cozies up to another communist leader to discuss human rights… and tpp?
question: since paris terror attacks, how muslim refugees have arrived in u.s.? how many are christians? [video]
who needs nancy pelosi when congress has paul ryan: “it’s [obamatrade deal] declassified and made public once it’s agreed to”
gop senate candidate says kids were murdered at sandy hook because his god was angry
hidden camera shows how illegal aliens steal jobs from americans…how they really feel about competing with american citizens for jobs [video]
coincidence? chobani scores major contract with mooch’s government controlled school lunch program after airing naked lesbian tv ad to 3% of population [video]
team trump knew flynn broke the law and hired him anyway
he was so close: we were “obamerica”…we were more tolerant…more guilty…the end of the 1st and 2nd amendments were only a clever campaign away…and then america woke up
the doj took $7 million taxpayer dollars and started a bonfire…’russian meddling’ probe goes off the rails
hersh: trump knew ‘assad sarin attack’ story was fairy tale – but launched cruise missile strike anyway
trump wins-cruz suspends-bernie burns hillary: “make america great again”
time magazine humiliates trump after he lies about award
man attacks lexington student with machete for not being a republican
it’s now official: democrats are beginning to vote on doing away with superdelegates
note to saturday night live: making fun of trump isn’t brave or funny! [video]
high schools start caving to trump – will punish athletes who won’t stand for national anthem
breaking: paris terrorist was syrian refugee…arrived in greece last month
conservative pastor preaches that women should be banned from voting and confined to their homes
grave digging protesters start to dig up confederate general’s grave…threaten to go deeper
it’s all the rage: liberal writer decides to change her body to match her gender neutral mind
breaking! charlotte news station reports cops have dash cam of #keithscott coming toward them with gun in hand
family threatened at gunpoint for displaying confederate flag on private property…police let suspect go [video]
trump adviser confirms: trump’s immigration policy is still racist
oregon ignores gop to become first state to choose 100 percent clean energy
trump supporter has dumbest comeback ever after getting trolled
marriott hotel shoots back response after muslim group demands a ban on act for america
lol! barack obama looks ridiculous criticizing trump on immigration after this 2005 video reveals a much different obama [video]
“gentleman” soldier who gave sarah huckabee sanders his coat in freezing cold korean militarized zone is identified
[video] fox news’ greg gutfield asks if the left would care if planned parenthood was selling harvested dolphin organs
after pulling nfl-related ads, papa john’s gets an unlikely sponsor of their own: nazis
open society: soros-backed, anti-trump immigration protests ‘sprung from nowhere’ at airports across america
trump jr. offers up revolting praise of dad: ‘there’s something special’ about wanting to punch a protester
‘who appointed you to the supreme court?’: senator destroys yates for defying trump travel ban [video]
oops! donald trump’s name missing from ballots in florida
watch: khizr khan destroys trump during interview for attacking his family
democrats push for ban of words “husband” and “wife”
caught on video: delta pilot smacks fighting woman during deplaning in atlanta [video]
count the clinton lies 1,2,3…. [video]
latino trump supporter: “it was harder to come out as a trump supporter than it was to come out as gay” [video]
a former president of mexico is thanking donald trump for his ‘racist’ ideas – here’s why
art of war: what’s behind russia’s ‘ides of march’ military drawdown in syria?
democrats still have a chance to yank the senate out from under the gop – here’s how
trump just made a hugely inappropriate threat over trumpcare while speaking to boy scouts
boiler room ep #116 – trigger gifs, send in the clowns
busted: republican conspired with aide to label angry constituents ‘un-american’ for booing him
mike pence tries to talk sh*t about michelle obama; falls on face hard
shocker! bratty kid who said “screw our president!” is drew carey’s son! [video]
washington state judge issues temporarily block on trump’s immigration ban nationwide
3 conservative celebrities visited trump last night and hilariously trolled a white house picture of hillary
how to blow $700 million: al jazeera america finally calls it quits
this is great! you’ll love what joy villa wants to do with her maga grammys dress [video]
awesome! conservative street artist plasters posters all over hollywood mocking oscars
this sarah huckabee sanders tweet about attacking the fbi hasn’t aged well
watch: don trump jr. admits on tv that his father lied about his conversations with comey
radical director of sierra club: abortion is the key to “sustainable population” [video]
bikers for trump will travel to future rallies to “provide outside security” against paid soros thugs for hillary and bernie sanders
breaking: lying about trump again: hillary clinton used the same tax law to take a loss in 2015
trump put out a survey on the media, and what happened is so hilarious he’s now crying ‘rigged!’
huckabee nails it: says obama’s radical list of invited guests to meet pope proves his fake christianity
trump messes up big time at liberty university when he majorly flubs bible verse
loudmouth celebrities forced to eat crow after hurling vile insults at ben carson over “immigrant” remarks…wfb releases video of obama saying same thing in 2015
recused house russia investigation committee member didn’t really recuse himself at all
billion dollar bungle! u.s. foreign embassy construction in mexico explodes
bad news for hillary: cnn says “millennials are more conservative than you may think”
could newt gingrich save the republican party by becoming speaker of the house?
trump is so embarrassed his candidate lost he’s deleting tweets and praying you’ll forget
christian fb page threatens to ban people who use rainbow emoji, instantly backfires
two dead after father-son shootout at gun store
boom! the truth about “fake news” websites: “the butt-hurt and the rigged media is desperate to salvage some scrap of credibility” [video]
republican rep sickeningly justifies obamacare repeal: poor people don’t want healthcare
ted cruz gets his unethical a** handed to him by seth myers
father of orlando shooter says his son got ‘angry’ when seeing two men kiss
elizabeth warren rips into jeb bush for taking ‘disgusting’ money
whites need not apply: obama’s new mortgage scam targets high risk minority immigrants
hillary unleashes brutal rant on trump supporter calling her husband a rapist
not news: 7 dead…35 wounded in obama’s hometown in 2 days…watch: black chicago residents blame barack obama [video]
iowa legislator leaves republican party over trump’s racism
team trump puts a proverbial gun to the gop’s head: support the nominee or else
(video) obama throws america under the bus…again
whose convention speech had more viewers?…the answer may surprise you [video]
trump response to leftist threats: “get off my lawn”
trump gets hammered [video] for not condemning question at town hall about muslim training camps in us…but he was right…and here’s the proof
border chief just gave trump a brutal reality check about his border wall, supporters devastated
without trump, ted cruz gets dumped on during gop debate and fails to impress iowans
boiler room – ep #47 – establishment hitmen & media hacks
flashback: graphic video shows hillary supporters beating “deplorable”trump supporters bloody
paris nightmare: muslim man scales wall of apartment…stabs jewish woman…what he does next is unthinkable! [video]
watch: liberal american woman in hot water after she attacks danish man for wearing a maga hat…in denmark [video]
harry reid has brutally honest message for the gop from their pals at the nra
breaking #betsydevos confirmed: democrats seething as champion for inner-city education is trump’s new education secretary
gop will immediately defund planned parenthood in same bill that abolishes obamacare
whoa! new evidence shows supreme court chief justice roberts was “hacked” by obama regime in same surveillance program that spied on private citizen donald trump
donald trump calls meeting with press…dresses down real fake news networks: “everyone at cnn is a liar and you should be ashamed”
is rand paul giving the left ammunition to use against his party or just taking a play from his dad’s campaign book?
trump supporters form militia to beat up protesters at rallies just like hitler’s brownshirts
hundreds arrested at democracy spring protest at u.s. capitol
trump supporter’s hilarious viral video mocking cnn’s 1-star app rating has everyone laughing!
four shot dead, one left to face charges as family of drunken gun collector fight over laundry
why the hell are our news media whitewashing domestic terrorism in oregon?
watch: donald trump promises he will declare war on isis, but there’s one giant problem
america in crisis: “hillary clinton is a criminal involved in a criminal enterprise…if the voters do not stop her, she will be the next president of the united states”
(video) you’ll be shocked at how little people understand about the iran deal
rnc official retweets article calling for sen. john mccain to ‘f*cking die already’
breaking: it was manafort who told gov about trump jr. russian meeting – and trump is coming for him
newsflash for our imperial president: states can refuse iran deal [video]
sean hannity disrespects family of slain dnc staffer in sorry quest to prove no trump/russia link
‘russia did it’ – the new age of mccarthyism
must watch: sen ted cruz tells sen bernie sanders to “curb your enthusiasm” in hilarious moment during cnn debate
sunday wire replay: live show off-air for maintenance
lol! “black students united” demands “racist” cornell university stops recruiting blacks that aren’t like them
racist charleston church shooter seems to think he is entitled to a literal white supremacist as his public defender
ivanka trump sends out #worldrefugeeday tweet, gets stomped on by twitter users everywhere
new age guru dr. deepak chopra says trump may be “mentally retarded” [video]
whoa! fbi’s comey defied doj’s loretta lynch in sending letter to congress…this just got uglier!
watch this: did google manipulate search for hillary clinton for favorable results? [video]
hysterical! delusional hillary claims “epidemic” of “fake news” was her downfall [video]
democrat rep: sexual assault is a woman’s fault if she appears ‘inviting’ [video]
intelligence committee warns trump: produce wiretapping evidence by monday
wow! former liberal and black panther exposes phony “black lies matter” [video]
just in: former dnc chair donna brazile accuses hillary of cheating to win election, laundering money through dnc…drops major bombshell about “cancer” barack obama
hillary gives rubio a new name after he says she kills babies on their due date
watch: delusional trump fans lash out at fox host for reporting facts of uranium one deal
dave chappelle: ‘i f***ed up’ when asking to give trump a chance
pastor decides straight couple can’t even support marriage equality, cancels their wedding
ann coulter gets roasted alive after horrible defense of gop pedophile milo yiannopoulos
dr. drew: trump and his supporters are mentally unstable
hillary clinton’s ‘kkk’ smear against trump was democrat strategy
trump’s great answer on terror attack: “it’s an attack on humanity” [video]
why christians are asking their fellow christians to wear orange to church #orangejumpsuit
farmer fined a whopping $2.8 million asks president trump for help
why is al sharpton’s “half-brother” registering thousands of felons to vote in alabama’s controversial senate race? [video]
this anti-gay, anti-science creationist could soon be allowed to rewrite school textbooks
“triggered!” black woman goes berserk after spotting confederate flag on ‘general lee’ car at event: “this racist car!” [video]
legal expert jonathan turley shoots down joe scarborough’s case against trump: “not obstruction” [video]
here’s the list of heartless senators who voted against banning late term abortions
unbelievable! vintage video exposes racist first family: michelle obama’s mom says barack’s mixed race “didn’t concern me as much as if he was completely white”
newt gingrich gives best ever solution to stop wh leaks! [video]
hollywood director tried to make political statement by wearing dress from “majority muslim nation” to #oscars…so we suggested a more sharia compliant gown
the “peaceful” transition of power continues as domestic terrorists light limo in d.c. on fire [video]
rioters chase down trump supporter’s truck…attack him while screaming “peaceful protest”…throw bricks
new info reveals the true lengths trump went to in order to stop fbi’s russia probe
conservative heads explode after obama appoints transgender woman to faith-based council
embarrassing: pro-gun control reporter attempts hit job on ar-15’s…claims he got “temporary ptsd”…viewers respond: “if you have a man card turn it in immediately” [video]
netanyahu echos trump, wants fence around israel to keep out ‘wild beasts’
boom! this one picture will show you the difference between president trump and president obama
angry punk admits to slashing tires, dumping rotten yogurt in sunroof over trump bumper sticker: trump supporter has perfect response
elizabeth warren humiliates ben carson during hud hearing; reveals his intent to line trump’s pockets
leftist actress caught on mic blaming trump’s victory for hurricanes [video]
the judge hits the streets to ask: whose fault is it that the healthcare bill died? [video]
nutty lefty breaks into trump’s mar-a-lago club…vandalizes with bananas
stand up and cheer! ukip party leader slams germany, france and eu invasion of phony refugees [video]
former trump aide fired for somehow being too racist endorses cruz
newt gingrich hits the nail on the head: here’s where the real influence and money is with the russians [video]
gop civil war brewing as delegates plot to dethrone trump at convention
paul ryan is freaking out after leaked tapes surface, terrified of what’s coming next
here’s why ole miss won’t be playing “dixie” before football games this year…there goes another southern tradition…
astroturfing: journalist reveals brainwashing tactic uses to manipulate public opinion
watch: top senator proves gop built trump, makes them own it
sean spicer hits lame cnn: “let’s actually look at what cnn reported.” [video]
watch violently unhinged trump supporter go full racist: ‘go cook my burrito, b*tch!’
as jihadi’s ties to isis are exposed…obama’s doj tells muslims: “we stand with you in this”
kellyanne conway laughs off trump’s pending child rape case because hillary sent some emails
muslim woman busted buying soda with food stamps for her store: “my name is f*ck america!” [video]
the toronto star published an ‘unauthorized database’ of things that will infuriate trump
trump goes on unhinged early morning twitter tirade; attacks federal judge over muslim ban
major outdoor clothing company with ties to human trafficking wages war on president trump over outrageous obama land grab
high school teacher makes “shooting at trump” option for answer on multiple choice test
obama’s fundamental transformation: census record shows in 8 years you won’t recognize this country
watch heartbreaking cries from an abused puppy as she is shown love for the first time
watch: mean teenage girls read trump tweets, and suddenly they make sense
florida gop’s anti-abortion law struck down in another huge planned parenthood win
muslim brotherhood peddling sharia as “social justice”…13 reasons why they are a terrorist organization
[video] hollywood actor scott baio fed up with obama: “he’s a muslim or a muslim sympathizer”
trump’s awkward first date with frau merkel
boom! donald trump hammers bernie sanders with this one question
horrible! top democrats refuse to stand for gold star widow [video]
obama’s epa gestapo to skip hearing on co mine, toxic sludge disaster…will attend un climate change meeting with obama instead
shocking report: mind blowing cost of illegals is highest ever…numbers released show huge burden to states [video]
‘america is under israeli occupation’ by dahlia wasfi
nc republicans proudly brag about how well their voter suppression tactics are working
ethiopian muslim monster deported from u.s. 10 years after performing “clitorectomy” on daughter with scissors
paul joseph watson exposes media’s obsession with trump’s call from taiwan leader in 14 seconds [video]
children’s home rejects atheist’s cash donation because he’s not a christian
lol! hillary’s new anti-trump ad backfires..ends up being amazing pro-trump ad [video]
kellyanne conway loses it on jake tapper when he calls out trump’s bigoted fans
polls show the world overwhelmingly loves president obama
why the huge 1.1 million drop in food stamp enrollment? [video]
new york gov cuomo thinks he’s the boss of you: bans travel to mississippi!
democrat’s worst nightmare: [video] sassy trump girls are giving americans easy way to switch from democrat to republican
hillary clinton is asked the difference between a socialist and a democrat [video]
watch: why nfl players taking a knee is total bullsh*t…it’s really about “trump-derangement-syndrome”
man with history of mental illness was able to buy a gun and kill this woman who told him ‘no’
trump springs the neocon trap  again: north korea’s ‘test’ is no act of war
army threatens green beret war hero with court martial for whistleblowing on failed hostage rescue
watch as assad destroys us reporter michael isikoff in interview
obama tells gop to f*ck off, picks a supreme court nominee anyway
drain the swamp! epa wastes millions to make sure employees feel “included”…”advisory bodies” = scam
judicial watch email release shows huma was asked to plan “healthy” hillary’s funeral
democrat congresswoman: obama is “working hand-in-hand with islamic extremists…should not be sending troops into harms way” [video]
violent npr employee who is also a refugee arrested, charged with assault for blocking betsy devos from entering dc school
great pick! kt mcfarland to join team trump [video]
late night hosts out of new york city utterly crucify ted cruz for being there
conservative questions loyalty of muslim father and his slain american soldier son
wingnut pastor: the pope is ‘confused,’ should ask ‘forgiveness’ from trump
north korea: will world war iii kick off this week?
u.s. gives the united nations billions of your tax dollars for what?
wow! sarah palin’s stunning az vacation home goes on market [photos]
watch: sean hannity fans make hilarious videos showing how they destroyed their keurig coffee makers…sean responds with awesome award for best video #boycottkeurig
how trump just answered this one question could sink his campaign with conservatives [video]
major veterans group shreds trump in a statement for attacking parents of fallen war hero
voter confronts trump: how could my daughters ‘look up to president trump as a role model?’
breaking: devin nunes makes huge announcement about clinton #uraniumonedeal [video]
watch what happens when christian man asks 13 gay bakeries to make pro-traditional marriage cake [video]
american nanny helping muslim refugees found brutally murdered
obama’s bags of cash? trump discovers $300 million spent annually on “ghost soldiers” in afghanistan [video]
megyn kelly sets a confused liberal straight on free speech
here’s the best way to silence a liberal demanding the impeachment of president trump
trump’s statement on muslim immigration is spot on: “we have no choice!” [video]
watch this 9-year-old girl’s heartbreaking message about blacks and police brutality
wow! macon, ga resident slams rep john lewis: “what have you accomplished? why don’t you go on the news and talk about the black-on-black terrorism that’s happening in chicago?”[video]
unbelievable! students succeed in removing us border patrol agents from career fair: concerned they won’t make illegal students feel welcome
“the war on coal is over”…first new coal mine of trump presidency opens in pennsylvania…another promise kept [video]
the best way to clear soros’ anti-trump rioters out of dc can be found on one piece of paper
trump admin. tosses out another obama rule – his sons can be even worse douchebags now
bonkers bernie sanders: prioritizing jobs over climate change is ‘stupid and dangerous’ [video]
comedian dave chappelle stuns ny audience: slams hillary…compares trump to the terminator:”most gangsta candidate ever”
u.s. fighter jets scrambled: russian bombers caught flying near alaska…first time since 2015
clear discrimination: snap still gives preference to illegals over american citizens
barbra streisand gives up on dream of impeaching trump over fake trump-russian collusion…tweets hilarious new reason trump should be impeached
diversity gone wild: us government plans to replace alexander hamilton on $10 bill with a woman…
trump administration surrenders; staffers are already passing around their resumes
kellyanne conway just earned ‘leaker’ label, and she may have thrown trump to the wolves
somali pirate posing as a “refugee” found covered in blood after stabbing roommate 19 times in german government funded housing
think america can’t end up like greece? think again!
media obsesses over ted cruz’s alleged infidelities, while ignoring hillary’s lesbian affairs revealed by same publication
south park creators give up, say donald trump is too stupid for their show to mock
austria’s not playing games: bans face-concealing islamic dress…mandates “integration” course…or else
crazy alabama republican demonstrates why religion doesn’t belong in government
republican trashes senate’s health care bill, accuses them of ‘trying to hide something’
misleading mainstream media is pushing false narrative that trump electors could steal election from him …why it’s not gonna happen…and why their attack on our democracy is a really bad idea
conservative firebrand ann coulter destroys delta airlines on twitter for kicking her out of reserved seat
without evidence, trump launches 59 cruise missiles, destroying syrian air force base
us spends over $500 million to train syrian rebels and give them weapons to fight assad…what they did with those weapons will infuriate you
how the fbi cracked a terror plot on black friday that may have been worse than 9-11
syria: washington’s boots and missile systems on the ground to defend isis and associated proxies
bombshell comey admission: fbi found email indicating obama’s ag loretta lynch would do everything she could to protect hillary from criminal charges [video]
reporter presses trump on birther conspiracy and trump cannot handle it
top gun lobbyist threatens to use the ‘bullet box’ if trump doesn’t win at the ballot box
justice department: firing workers with expired papers is discrimination? outrageous! [video]
vicente fox brilliantly trolls trump’s disastrous week; it’s glorious
trump appointee didn’t last two months before being fired for calling for muslim genocide
no shame! msnbc anchor attacks critically injured steve scalise who can’t defend himself [video]
hollywood blvd: pro-trump #oscar rally gets ugly when punches start flying…trump hating female picks on wrong woman! [video]
trump once threatened ‘apprentice’ contenstant he’d show his ‘power tool’ to her
muslim invasion update: gang members in germany on trial for robbing churches and schools to fund isis
13 yr old black conservative hammers #blacklivesmatter college activists:”grow up!” [video]
bad news, republicans: two scholars figured out how to defeat your gerrymandering
sources: president obama set to make official 2016 endorsement this week
tamir rice’s memorial is a stop in pokemon go and it has a powerful message
beggin’ megyn kelly’s new book ripped to shreads in amazon reviews…karma!
new republican scotus tactic: who needs 9 justices anyway?
a high school student just bashed ‘you deserve rape’ pastor’s head in with a baseball bat
kellyanne conway says trump should be treated with the respect he deserves
trump’s shady ‘charity’ hurt children, and this is how
watch: republican calls town hall crowd ‘children’ after they boo his lies about affordable care act
provocation? republican senators introduce new bill to move us embassy in israel to jerusalem
watch: everybody laughed after watching this bizarre fantasy from marco rubio
shocking raw video of alexandria shooting: witness takes video with phone [video]
watch this: did google manipulate search for hillary clinton for favorable results? [video]
say what? tide detergent joins forces with open borders organization la raza to “wash away racism” [video]
democrats preparing a coup to oust debbie wasserman-schultz
epic! rick santelli calls out liberal panel: ”on election night, i never saw you so unhappy!” [video]
the las vegas and weinstein cover-ups: boiler room ep #132
watch: trump campaign manager crashes and burns when grilled about immigration plan
fox news: trump is the one to blame for white house ‘disarray’
episode #4 – on the qt: ‘julian vs hillary’ (part 1) @21wire.tv
vanished: fbi files related to mysterious “suicide” death of hillary’s trusted wh counsel, vince foster disappear from national archives
breaking: ford announces $700 million u.s. investment…jobs, jobs, jobs! [video]
trump’s wisconsin speech knocks it out of the park: “the war on our police must end” [video]
donald trump was tweeting again last night; he’s furious about the russian leaks
cowardly paul ryan locks constituents out of their own capitol instead of listening to them
obama fear mongering: republican party becoming “unrecognizable”
hillary responds to trump’s london failure and it’s absolutely perfect
how colleges are destroying free speech: “emergency counseling sessions” offered after “trump” word was written on sidewalk in chalk
dc women’s march aftermath: streets littered with trash
“am i not speaking english?”…reporter rips into state department rep over evasive answers on clinton e-mails [video]
watch: trump loves the gop healthcare bill but kellyanne conway doesn’t want his name on it
breaking: obama will veto bill unanimously passed by congress allowing 9-11 victims to sue saudi arabia
whoa! chris matthews defies liberal media script…says fbi director didn’t exonerate hillary: “there is a difference between acquittal and innocence”
not hillary’s turn: lib publications are saying hillary will lose to old white socialist, bernie sanders in primary
media ignores! huge list of attacks on conservatives is shocking
creepy bernie calls for trump to step down…what about disgusting essay bernie sanders wrote about women fantasizing about being gang raped or men fantasizing about sexually abusing women?
trump is reportedly preparing executive order to deport illegals living on welfare…kill anchor baby benefits
cnn’s jim acosta schooled on the meaning of the statue of liberty by trump senior advisor [video]
bill clinton ex-lover spills the beans on “lumpy” hillary
epic conservative take down after cnn ambush of radio host [video]
watch: these fifth graders know more about being grown up than all the gop candidates combined
watch: ben stein loses it over trump’s ‘sheer idiocy’ and ‘horrifying’ economic ignorance
whoa! did hillary just have a seizure on camera? [video]
trump spokesman reveals astonishingly racist reason kanye west wasn’t invited to inauguration
hillary “powered through” is the word of the day for the lap dog media [video]
zero f*cks obama puts obstructionist gop on notice: you claim to love constitution, then do your job
false flag florida: fbi agents ‘posing as terrorists’ in miami sting operation
ranting trump accidentally confirms he is under investigation after staff claimed it was fake news
william shatner blasts ‘social justice warriors’ who criticize trump
a coughing clinton takes a nasty swipe at matt lauer…bitterly blames men for her loss
why sheriffs are calling obama’s release of over 6,000 federal prisoners “biggest sham”
you wouldn’t allow someone to abuse your child…so why do we allow climate change radicals to target them?
boiler room – ep #55 – roasting the wretched hive of scum and villainy
cover-up? new details from orlando shooter’s crisis call casts light on fbi
report: nj gov chris christie’s big ‘mistake’ that cost him wh job
mitt romney slams trump’s ‘trickle-down racism’ and refuses to vote gop
watch: an atheist just humiliated a creationist while debating evolution in front of noah’s ark museum
trump campaign manager won’t be prosecuted for assaulting a woman
republican senator sends letter to fbi director questioning fbi relationship to british spy who investigated trump
slick scam: john kerry warns global warming will produce millions of “climate refugees”
good side? barbra streisand would only be photographed “from her good side” at hurricane telethon
oops! trump’s top surrogate can’t even vote for him – because he’s a democrat
it begins: anthony scaramucci fires suspected leaker, anti-trumper with ties to reince priebus
watch what some say is voter fraud in action during the iowa caucus [video]
myriad of ways the cia tried (and failed) to assassinate fidel castro
rino senator from “red state” tells illegal aliens: “you have done nothing wrong”…joins dems to push dream act legislation only hours after trump rescinds daca [video]
donald trump jr. speechwriters also copied part of his speech
obama exposes trump for the world to see, and it only took a few seconds
chuck schumer has a brilliant response to trump calling him a ‘clown’
must watch comedy: room full of dems are asked to name one of hillary’s accomplishments as sec. of state….
utah ranchers vow to stand up to government abuse despite oregon arrests
newsflash for our imperial president: states can refuse iran deal [video]
the “obama project”…does barack have secret plans to punish white america after he leaves office?
trump makes absolutely ironic pick with huge conflict of interest for epa head
sylville smith’s sister becomes latest spokesperson for obama’s #blacklivesmatter terror movement: “don’t burn down sh*t we need…take that sh*t to the suburbs…burn that sh*t down…we need our sh*t” [video]
thug violently robs 81-year old woman…but she gets her revenge! [video]
top dems take action to keep documents on russia investigation safe from trump
false flag florida: fbi agents ‘posing as terrorists’ in miami sting operation
trump girls give shout out to crooked hillary…and bring down the house: “if the justice department don’t want to indict you…the american people will indict you” [video]
viral video: bernie sanders socialist gets shut down by judge judy
the best case for a trump presidency comes from a foreigner: “i’ve lived your future, if you keep going, you’re not going to like it”
the “islamic rape of europe”…one nation is fighting back in most politically incorrect way
tucker calls out college for banning whiteboards: “why not ban pens?” [video]
european vacation: mooch runs up a huge tab compliments of the taxpayers
trump and cruz announce a joint rally to protest the iran deal
conservative has message for “dreamers” screaming “he’s not my president!” and it’s hilarious!
photo of gop meeting to kill maternity care goes viral after people notice totally offensive detail
jimmy kimmel compares trump and cruz and the results are hilarious
92 yr old conservative icon dies: only 4 months ago her daughter, 5 cruz supporters tried to fire her from organization she founded for supporting trump
erik erikson: trump’s russia leak ‘is actually far worse than what is being reported’
trump tweets his dumbest attack on fbi to date and promptly gets ripped apart by twitter
trump humiliated as daca decision practically kills his presidency
hillary’s vp nominee panders to blacks: “i done apologized for slavery”
disgusting! usa today video suggests “trump era” will make traveling unsafe…rebuttal video already out! [video]
breaking: highest-ranking elected republican says he won’t support trump
santilli freed under plea pact as vegas shooting casts shadow on bundy trial
andrea mitchell slams donald trump for being a complete idiot on foreign policy
saturday night live’s post-inauguration opener was exactly the laugh we needed
the video liberals don’t want you to see: lil wayne tells how a white cop saved his life…”i don’t know what racism is”
(video) woman beaten by two teens after ‘shushing’ them in movie theater
donald trump openly admits to america he has no principles; raging liar
watch! clueless anti-trump “protesters” asked why they’re protesting give hysterical answers [video]
out of her mind! maxine waters: ‘sex actions’ allegations in trump dossier are ‘absolutely true’ [video]
isis supporter responds to killing of top isis operative: “if they took abu sayyaf, we will take obama”
twelve on trump transition team announced today…it’s all in the family!
bombshell: senate intel committee hearing reveals frightening extent of russia’s meddling
clinton scorches trump: ‘all his business books end at chapter 11’
say what? prosecutors claim convicted islamic terrorist used his laptop and jihadi materials to radicalize fellow prisoners in ny prison
lock him up! ceo threatens to assassinate trump with sniper rifle at white house
why obama’s lawsuit against nc is really about the jack-boot of government on america’s throats
watch: louisiana governor slams giuliani for criticizing his response to trump visit
video shows cop slamming man’s head to pavement, breaking his neck
more class from the left: topless hillary supporters protest trump inside polling place [video]
just in: obama regime demanded homeland security officials stop using “sharia” and “jihadist” language…look who just changed that language [video]
reports: charlottesville fallout was the final nail in bannon’s coffin
as it turns out, obama has legitimate reason for not making statement about recent murders of innocent cops
new evidence proves hillary manipulated senate benghazi hearing with help from democrat senators [video]
snl usually makes us laugh, tonight they made us cry and hope for the future
trump is now recruiting ‘election observers’ to intimidate voters
transparent? hillary clinton asked about terrorist’s dad as vip rally guest [video]
marco rubio is called irresponsible for buying a fishing boat…hillary buys a mansion in ny to run for senate…crickets
watch: donald trump says constitution should not give everyone the right to due process
watch reporter’s face as he recounts trump going full-narcissist during oval office interview
ivanka trump’s dress was nice, but there was one major problem with it
“allahu akbar” muslim extremists forced catholic priest at knifepoint to kneel while they performed “arabic sermon”….filmed beheading of priest…two terrorists shot dead…19 yr old was known terrorist allowed to live with parents, roamed freely during day [video]
track palin faces assault and weapons charges after domestic violence report
whoa! dnc releases statement suggesting dallas sniper and black lives matter protesters are linked
anti-trump french president macron caught on video pushing way through world leaders to be pictured next to trump in g-20 group photo
democrat senator makes up fake anti-trump story during cnn interview [video]
hot mic catches msnbc anchor making snarky suggestion that trump isn’t christian [video]
how obama made it possible for isis to erase 2,000 years of christianity from iraq [video]
check out trump’s hilarious new years eve tweet to his “many enemies”
breaking: trump kicks reince priebus out of white house
trump comes unglued, continues miss universe feud with insane early morning twitter rant
thought police: us border control wants to study your facebook, twitter accounts
mark levin outlines evidence of spying by obama on trump: “the evidence is overwhelming!” [video]
watch: maxine waters hits new low…trash talks president trump while giving eulogy at friend’s funeral
insane! huge financial disaster on the horizon with obama’s housing bubble and easy lending in the name of “fairness”
white house gives up trying to control trump, lawyers are ready to quit
switzerland’s not playing games with muslim immigrants: “if you reject our culture, we will reject your application for citizenship
trump loves to say the new york times is ‘failing’ – so they just effortlessly embarrassed him with simple numbers
breaking: it looks like russia hacked our voting machines
what was he thinking? disheveled obama yells from air force one at bill clinton: “bill, let’s go!”
super bowl champ player busts into wh press briefing: “need any help?”…liberal snowflakes have a meltdown! [video]
number of refugees welcomed to u.s. since paris terror attack: one christian, 236 muslims
live feed of trump rally: check out the line to get into president trump’s massive rally! [video]
breitbart attacked jake tapper and his hilarious response shut them up
trump blames media conspiracy for low numbers in his latest unhinged twitter rant
the bush administration deleted 22 million emails, but trump won’t talk about it
sharia lawyer: why muslims are less likely to integrate into western nations [video]
saudi prince arrested in la for sexual assault after woman seen screaming , scaling 8-foot wall
obama pretends he hasn’t started a race war…pushes for federal police force: “it is very hard to untangle to motives of this [dallas] shooter” [video]
lobbying for votes? how trump could legally fly the 200 must have delegates to mar-a-lago for a luxurious weekend
watch: hispanic parents make shocking video teaching 3 yr old to say “we have to kill donald trump”
trump admits he lied about ford moving auto jobs to mexico
nuclear showdown? navy seal team that killed osama bin laden to take part in military drills against n. korea
this republican hates ted cruz so much, he threatened to ‘get some cyanide’ if gop nominates him
alec baldwin just tore trump apart limb by stupid limb after hellish weekend of tyranny
new report: obamaphone program stashed $9 billion in private bank accounts…exposes massive windfall for phone companies
president trump’s remarks at ford’s theatre gala include warning to terrorists: “this bloodshed must end. this bloodshed will end” [video]
jack-ass-in-chief: obama uses speech on world stage to apologize for greedy americans…ties mlk, jr. to phony climate change [video]
ammon and ryan bundy found ‘not guilty’ in oregon federal case, gov. kate brown upset by jury decision
which one of these people tried to lecture the other on the constitution….guesses? [video]
fox credits bush for obama’s economic recovery they spent 8 years saying didn’t exist
the carnage and the kindness of good samaritans after london terror attack [video]
trump campaign issues grossly racist statement regarding birther conspiracies
the republican jewish coalition loves trump so much they finally condemned nazis
trump begged this singer to perform at his inauguration, so she told him to go f*ck himself
wife of john conyers confronts media at her house: ‘do you go and stalk white people’s houses?’ [video]
public schools in kentucky can now “teach” the bible
gop rep’s defense of jeff sessions is straight from the kkk
virginia dmv issues vulgar license plate bashing president trump…recall!
‘might have been faked by liberals’: top adviser defends trump’s silence on mosque bombing
whoa! bill o’reilly drops bombshell report about key accuser in sexual harassment case that could prove he was unjustly fired by fox news
breaking: obama-holder fast n’ furious rifle found in el chapo hideout capable of downing a helicopter
beware the united nations push for “global governance” for the “good of the planet”
racist oprah makes same mistake…twice
reporter gets bush’s cia director to admit waterboarding is torture using very clever trick
is romney seriously thinking about entering the presidential race?
shakedown al sharpton meets with gm to pressure them into dropping kid rock over confederatef flag [video]
trump cancels air force one, the reason why is insane (tweet/video)
obama sidekick valerie jarrett in hot water over speaking fee at broke public university
wikileaks exposes clinton campaign in cahoots with corrupt doj on email scandal
hillary just issued a devastating response to trump’s pathetic apology
this activist might go to jail for criticizing michigan’s governor on facebook
ted cruz absolutely loses it during this must watch press conference
lawyer scams feds out of $600 million…suddenly disappears
watch: fl governor refuses to acknowledge mass shooting as anti-gay hate crime
in one cowardice move, gop congress just proved they’re as racist as trump
sean spicer: donald trump does not own a bathrobe
muslim assimilation update: migrants arrested for stoning transgender women in germany
george washington professor on soros activists shutting down roads: why it’s time to start “suing the bastards”
scoundrel hillary supporter starts “trumpleaks” campaign…desperate move!
lunatic glenn beck prepares to move his show to israel ahead of government collapse
donald trump just posted a brutal video that shows how much everyone hates ted cruz
did donald trump jr. just say his dad beat him for refusing to get him coke?
boiler room #90 – downtown brown and the loss & curse of celebrity
just in: washington post gets destroyed when reporter admits truth about how they cover president trump in new undercover videos
breaking: more hacked e-mails from dnc released by a vengeful guccifer
angela merkel running for re-election makes stunning announcement to ban burkas, after flooding nation with 2 million (mostly muslim) migrants
latest poll: bernie sanders is the only candidate who beats trump
oklahoma house votes to let domestic abusers open carry guns – because jesus
brazile’s bombshell book exposes how the media and democrat party hid hillary’s serious illness
democrats aren’t afraid trump will be a terrible president, they’re worried about this… [video]
four triggers for the next titanic economic recession
breaking: disgusting audio is released of harvey weinstein begging model to watch him take shower: “don’t embarrass me in the hotel… i come here all the time”
not grassroots: #ferguson protestors paid over $5k to attack police, instigate violence and disrupt
sen tom cotton to ag sessions: “do you like spy fiction: john lecarre, daniel silva, jason mathews?……do you like jason bourne or james bond movies?” [video]
this proof of evolution in humans will make conservative ‘christians’ explode with rage
miami mayor doesn’t know history: blames hurricane irma on climate change
stephen colbert mercilessly and hilariously mocks unprepared bundy terrorists
the deep state speaks: clapper and brennan threaten trump during aspen institute’s lefty gaggle [video]
baltimore police union wants an independant prosecutor: mosby has connections to freddie gray family
busted! abc/washington post poll showing hillary clinton leading trump by +12 is fake
unreal! obama appoints valerie jarrett and other top staffers to cushy gov’t jobs
red alert: clinton destroyed evidence in two ways…isn’t this criminal intent?
let the reparations begin: rahm emanuel uses $5.5 million taxpayer dollars to gain favor with chicago’s black voters
vp candidate kaine’s past criticism of bill clinton surfaces…made bold statement on philandering president
john mccain brushes off hispanic voters, says the gop doesn’t need them to win
anonymous hacks isis twitter accounts, trolls them perfectly
pocahontas warren wants gop’s scalp…tells crowd she’d like to “cut open republicans” [video]
senate dems to introduce constitutional amendment overturning citizens united
what the mainstream media won’t show you: new white house communications director anthony scaramucci explains why he once called trump a “hack” [video]
this amazing photo shows the power women have when they vote
one huge way liberals are already fighting back against trump
hillary clinton’s forked tongue answer on e-mails takes a page out of bill’s “the meaning of is”
political hack loretta lynch called out by dr. ben carson on nc “bathroom” law [video]
watch dr ben carson hit back at his critics like only a brain surgeon can do [video]
arrogant illegal alien who voted 5 times in 2016 election gets 8 years…lawyers call sentence “harsh”…blame trump…lol! [video]
delusional obama blames “fake news” for hillary’s big election loss [video]
white house officials admit that trump lied about writing his own inaugural address
home depot founder: why i stand with donald trump
body language expert gives clear examples of susan rice lying about trump surveillance during interview [video]
watch joe biden’s shocking anti-gun comment about texas hero who stopped gunman [video]
robert de niro just told the world he wants to punch trump in the face
henningsen on trump’s foreign policy: russia, syria, iran and cabinet neocons
must watch: barack obama after january 20th…this will make your day!
charlie sheen sends shocking message about trump, twitter practically explodes
trump’s america: white supremacist blogger given job as federal judge
minnesota mayor has classic liberal meltdown over ‘white privilege’ denier [video]
trump campaign manager and ceo outed as members of a secret far-right extremist group
why final “sunday night football” game was canceled… is low attendance the reason?
(video) cnn anchor mocks ‘pitiful’ hillary campaign watch party
donald trump just said the dumbest thing about obamacare, and it’s totally false
racist florida woman tells black people ‘you should have stayed in africa’ in insane rant
watch women reverse roles and tell male republican candidates what they should do with their bodies
“troubling answer” to rescue effort during benghazi attack explained in this fantastic video
the ‘new cold war’ – a rehash of old rivalries
this one is spot on! the democrat party in a nutshell
hillary’s “khan man”: who is khizr khan? the shocking truth about his job, his ties to hillary, saudi arabia and the muslim brotherhood
muslim woman who turned in paris terrorist shares important thought with the world
mother of benghazi victim rips into clueless cnn anchor [video]
ep #17: patrick henningsen live – ‘parallax politics in dc’ with guest daniel faraci
oops: trump’s hotel offers qurans and is furnished with goods not made in the usa
breaking: black americans jumping on trump train in unprecedented numbers…united we stand!
attorney for steinle killer calls verdict ‘vindication of rights of immigrants’ [video]
watch this nazi cry like a little b*tch after realizing he might be arrested
mentally-ill mother shoots sleeping five-year-old in the head
black female rapper endorses trump: “black folks have been voting democrat for last 70 years and we don’t have shit to show for it…hillary treats us like ‘pets'”
breaking…internal memo from obama’s corrupt epa: flint not worth “going out on a limb for”
global climate change liars ignore truth about earth day founder: murdered girlfriend…turned her into compost
u.s. taxpayers to foot bill for outrageous obama scheme to import and provide housing for relatives of illegal aliens/democrat voters
angelina jolie humiliated barack obama on world stage over weak leadership on terrorism
as predicted, google fires man who complained about firm’s repressive political culture
watch: batsh*t crazy christian ‘patriot’ threatens isis-like harm to texas mosque
trump just got his p*ssy handed to him by new zealand’s female prime minister
fox news, huffington post reporters brawl outside whcd
3 workers at major chain store refuse to make “racist” cake for cop
no “dead broke” lesbians allowed…
watch: nicolle wallace takes trump to the woodshed for backing pedophile moore
report: donald trump lied about donating to 9/11 charities, didn’t donate until he was campaigning
breaking: sources reveal trump himself met with russian ambassador during campaign
busted: trump’s education nominee plagiarized, which students are taught not to do
this texas pro-cop facebook page shared this racist image and it went viral
trump ends a recent tradition established by obama
black voter schools trump and republican party for their pathetic outreach effort
watch: hillary calls parent of benghazi victim a liar on national tv
video surfaces of disgraced alleged pedophile kevin spacey laughing about killing trump
criminal hillary clinton bashes trump: “he has no business being our president” [video]
watch what happens when college students are asked “are you ready for hillary”
woman just rescued from #harvey flood goes off on cnn reporter trying to interview her: “what the f*ck cnn!” [video]
fox news host begs republicans: leave trump aloooone
breaking: hillary campaign planned fake “grassroots” millennial movement to steal bernie followers
media ignores! house dem it suspects wanted untraceable payments…then millions disappeared
buh-bye! glenn beck places final nail in his coffin…and his former fans won’t miss him [video]
daniel hannan tells “the generation of the safe spaces” to get over themselves [video]
trump’s involvement in houston chemical plant explosion will set your hair on fire
watch: rob reiner accurately describes trump supporters on morning joe, all hell breaks loose
rand paul picks fight with wrong senator: says cruz is “pretty much done” in senate because he won’t get along [video]
audience member gets the last word when michael moore tries to discredit donald trump on cnn [video]
leaked audio: trump picked miss usa contestants based on disgusting ‘trump rule’
ted cruz is finding it hard to even get love from his own daughter
today is the one-year anniversary of walter scott’s murder by cop
white guilt idiocy: oscar nominee embarrassed to be part of hollywood “whitewashing”
boiler room ep #110 – a deeper game: masters of chaos strike again
watch: republican lawmaker has finally had enough of trump’s bullsh*t
watch: jake tapper slams trump campaign manager for touting fake ‘assassination attempt’
arnold schwarzenegger sends a message to liberals whining about trump [video]
breaking: philippines president announces ‘separation’ from u.s….now supporting this super power [video]
wow! tucker carlson takes on obamacare architect who thinks “americans just don’t understand what it’s done for them” [video]
leaked secret government report shows massive impact of climate change on the united states
cbs reporter asks putin how comey’s firing will affect russia…his answer is priceless! [video]
awesome! sean spicer gives trump’s salary away at press briefing [video]
julian assange reveals john podesta’s hilarious email password…”a 14 year old kid could’ve hacked podesta” [video]
watch: amazing thing happened when h.s. valedictorian stepped up to podium after atheist group told grads they could no longer recite the lord’s prayer
boom! indiana ymca takes cnn off tv’s after members complain about “fake news”
hillary epically bombs press conference about weekends attacks by saying all the wrong things [video]
hillary just can’t stop lying…even after she lost the election
gabby giffords shames gop rep. for using her shooting as an excuse to hide from town halls
this amazingly diverse book about santa claus will make right-wing heads explode
conservative christian leader admits liberals were right about evangelicals all along
race obsessed vester flanagan, aka bryce williams sued former employer for racism: former employer said he was “a crappy employee who used profanity in workplace”
trump tells democrats to kiss his a** after special election and internet tells him to go f*ck himself
michael flynn’s resignation letter omits one crucial fact while also kissing trump’s orange ass
michigan republicans pass bill that would put gay and straight couples in prison
totally blow the minds of tea partiers with the real history of the tea party movement
post-trump liberal meltdown: counseling, cry-ins, therapy dogs and poetry
active shooter drill suddenly ‘goes live’ at joint base andrews in maryland
“godfather of fake news” brian williams calls syrian airstrikes “beautiful”…instantly gets destroyed on twitter
#lockhimup former oversight chair jason chaffetz: if comey’s leaked memos contained classified information, he should have handcuffs on and go to jail
are they serious? here’s the insane thing republicans did instead of passing zika funding last week
germany: afghan “teen” refugee who raped and killed female med student and refugee volunteer is actually 33-years old…and there’s more!
here’s why america is the greatest no matter what the loony lefties say [video]
obama’s doing something big to raise pay for millions of americans
trump goes on stunningly bigoted rant, says he will not allow military service of transgender soldiers
trump scrambling to fill over 600 empty posts – literally has one option ahead of swearing-in
democrats need to mobilize, stick together, and get out the vote – and fast
“racist” conservative viewers of the o’reilly factor have raised over $600k to help fund black college band’s trip to trump inauguration…leftist haters go ballistic! [video]
watch: obama just embarrassed the nra by ripping apart every single pro-gun myth
how the clinton’s got rich off donations from people who thought they were helping poverty-stricken haiti earthquake victims [vide0]
ted nugent attacks jews who support gun control by calling them nazis
buy american? even trump’s maga gear is sold via canada, not america
boom! tomi larhen destroys the idiotic “day without immigrants”: “a load of horsecrap!” [video]
did trump offend hispanic americans with his remarks? the latest poll numbers with hispanics may surprise you
watch: feel good video of the day…one year later…hilarious video reminds us of how democrats, the media, and hollywood promised us donald trump would never win
interactive ‘trump hate map’ proves how dangerous he is for america
ted cruz is against adult toys, but his college roommate knows that’s hypocritical
joy behar gives gop a painful reality check on why she will never accept trump
planned parenthood’s latest announcement will cause right-wing blood to boil
white college snowflakes can ‘identify’ as black….call it the ‘pocahontas policy’ but we call it delusion [video]
james o’keefe gives #veryfakenewscnn advance notice: “a few hundred hours” of “secretly recorded material” from inside the network…#cnnleaks
breaking: cnn producer caught on undercover video trashing trump: “voters “stupid as sh*t” [video]
[video] us veteran finds flag he carrired on tour desecrated in front yard
obama’s 17-day vacation in lavish digs: how much will this cost the taxpayers?
democrat legal expert shocks the left with his take on statues [video]
rosie o’donnell gets a tongue lashing for her attack on barron trump: “why don’t you worry about your own children, and why they don’t want to be with you” [video]
trump supporters object to prince harry’s recent engagement for terrible reasons
[video] above the law: hillary’s campaign van caught going 92 in a 65 mph zone
shortly before her death, nancy reagan said she was ashamed of the gop
patton oswalt just destroyed sarah palin in this hilariously accurate impression
watch: don lemon and cnn panel laugh at trump supporter for denying everything he has done
whoa! first lady melania makes classy, yet blistering response to kathy griffin’s isis inspired photo of decapitated president trump
“would you rather do a job you hate and not pay taxes?”…how these illegals answer this question tells you everything you need to know about how they “help” our economy [video]
obama dances at last-ever white house gig to drake’s “hotline bling” [video]
off-duty police officer shoots and kills black lives matter supporter after he broke into cop’s home following facebook argument
henningsen on white house press dinner: ‘the fourth estate is nonexistent in america’
new york gun license broker paid off cops to approve client licenses
elite nazi-allied order from hungary claims trump adviser sebastian gorka is sworn member
breaking: trump unveils first ad focusing on the real danger to america – not global warming!
police: kalamazoo spree killer was uber driver, picked up customers throughout the night
‘mother of the year’ drives11 and armed 15 yr. old sons along with 4 teenage friends to a fight
why did cnn doctor killer’s photo to disguise his race and why is the press scrubbing his profile?
woman gets death threats just for posting a picture with hillary clinton
#blackprivilegedlives: truth behind the (not so) poor oppressed black mizzou student who went on “hunger strike” over “white privilege” [video]
george washington professor on soros activists shutting down roads: why it’s time to start “suing the bastards”
update: busted by the secret service…cnn’s april ryan called out for fake report on trump aide’s firing [video]
meet the trumps: in case you missed it….here’s barbara walters exclusive interview with the trumps [video]
conservatives lose it, call for obama’s death after ‘northern scum’ pulled from state song
not breaking…hillary likely lied: does obama’s support for biden have anything to do with new bombshell discovery that hillary’s e-mails “might still be recoverable”
tragic! jobless americans forced to train their foreign replacements speak out: “this is not about skills…this is about costs” [video]
take the poll: tell us who you think will be trump’s best choice for vp
deputy attorney general pissed; trump ordered him to find reason to fire comey
hateful pastor: kill girl scout leaders because they are ‘promoting homosexuality’
the french fleur de lis of new orleans joins the list of “racist” symbols
chicago trump rally cancelled: radicals and blm came out to riot against the free speech of anyone but them
cnn’s don lemon: trump shouldn’t get apology from espn until he apologizes for racism against obama
americans demand obama pick next justice: gop gives them a huge middle finger
democrats against trump’s wall for lawbreakers…but not against wall to keep bernie sanders’ fans out
trump issues bizarre threat to ted cruz’s wife
michigan man charged with threatening to assassinate president trump
trump just bailed on his own pittsburgh not paris rally, the reason why is infuriating
keith olbermann begs foreign intel agencies to save us from trump
trump accidentally applauds obama’s protection of immigrants: ‘i think it’s great’
head games: technology with the potential to shape reality
biden in mexico: ‘i almost feel obliged to apologize’ for trump’s hate speech
spacex: explosion rocks launchpad at firm’s cape canaveral facility in florida
andrea tantaros just buried fox news with sworn affidavit from a professional therapist
finally! the 538 electoral college members cast ballots today…what you need to know about the process
hillary clinton mocks donald trump with an amazing tweetstorm at 3 am
obama will send representative to alton sterling funeral…couldn’t be bothered with supreme court justice scalia’s funeral
alex jones positive obama killed scalia, and you’ll never believe who he thinks is next
racist chicago cop who beat a handcuffed black woman found with trove of slur-filled websites
bernie sanders and the racist billionaire won the new hampshire primary
hillary just can’t stop lying…even after she lost the election
forsaken sultan: erdogan isolated ahead trump meeting in washington
it’s on: comey refuses to testify before intelligence committee unless the hearing is public
trump’s hhs sec. latest to be caught spending hundreds of thousands of tax dollars on luxuries
trump tells thousands at fl rally “barack hussein obama is founder of isis…hillary is co-founder” [video]
“lie” witness news: jimmy kimmel show asks people what they thought of debate…day before debates happened [videos]
it begins…rino mega-donor threatens jeb bush: no more money to gop until assault weapons are banned
white house defends boehner’s ‘lucifer’ comment about cruz: ‘he was just looking to be honest’
young fl filmmakers take on gop’s ‘ridiculous’ islamophobia with hilarious spoofs
benghazi panel calls hillary to testify under oath as white house asks for more time to “review” (delete) her e-mails
crooked hillary vs fbi’s comey [video]
ted cruz’s college roommate just won the internet with his brilliant #gopdebate trolling
president trump blasts phony climate change crybabies: “i was elected to represent the citizens of pittsburgh, not paris” [video]
fox news mocks msnbc’s chris matthews, who actually said “big story” of g20 was how far president trump and putin spread their legs [video]
conservative columnist tries to declare war on iran on behalf of america
trump’s ‘wag the dog’ moment
“traitor in chief” warns congress…shut down prison with muslim terrorists or i’ll stop funding military [video]
house republicans begin process to withdraw america from the united nations
baltimore’s overzealous prosecutor busted “favoriting” racist tweets [video]
vietnam releases catholic priest just days before obama lifts arms ban… just one prisoner?
stunning story the media and democrats hid from public: how obama’s ag eric holder used taxpayer dollars to organize street mobs against george zimmerman, take down police chief
fbi tells trump to go f*ck himself for firing their director, forces him to cancel visit
boiler room #89 – island of misfit toys
one brilliant meme exposes the truth about islam and why muslims are leaving the middle east
republicans punish georgia governor for refusing to legalize anti-lgbt bigotry
when a government puts immigrants before citizens: swedish citizens have no place to live, no jobs, need to carry guns everywhere they go
georgia is going to waste $2 million on deceptive ‘abortion clinics’ that lie to women
president trump’s moving pentagon speech and commemoration of 9-11 attacks with white house ceremony [video]
arizona secretary of state confirms election fraud did happen
‘shoot hillary in the f*ckin head’: conservatives freak out over benghazi movie
media won’t show video of trump telling matt lauer david duke is a “bigot” and a “racist…ignores hillary’s ties to former kkk leader, democrat senator robert byrd
sarah sanders hits back at senator warren for ‘lying about her heritage’ [video]
hannity goes ballistic after conservative group humiliates him by rescinding media award
watch: duck dynasty’s willie robertson makes debut on fox news with hilarious commentary on hillary and bernie
prominent democrat claims old, white, leftist males are waiting in the wings for hillary to fall
conservative commentator uses nancy reagan’s death to launch racist attack on michelle obama
katie couric tweets disgust after two of her producers are sprayed with urine at charlottesville protest…doesn’t mention antifa thugs sprayed them
black college professor: i was handcuffed by white cops for a parking ticket
cops ask mayor to remove “black lives matter” banner hanging at city hall…his response is astounding!
maxine waters: obama’s left a “very, very powerful” database in place…”will have information about everything…on every individual in ways that it’s never been done before” [video]
chinese immigrant owes millions for selling counterfeit goods in u.s. gets protection from chinese banks and u.s. citizenship
#crookedhillary uses twitter to accuse trump of being a “racist”…forgets to mention $20k+ in donations from kkk in 2016 [video]
obama just made a surprise appearance at a rap show and twitter can’t handle it
superstar marc anthony rocks madison square garden by shouting ‘f*** donald trump!’ as crowd cheers
watch: trump issues bizarre response to leak of groping audio, and it’s a total disaster
woman just rescued from #harvey flood goes off on cnn reporter trying to interview her: “what the f*ck cnn!” [video]
dnc insiders vote to take bernie’s win in new hampshire away from him
hollywood suffers meltdown over trump’s withdraw from paris climate deal
new findings show two important words were deleted from cowardly comey’s remarks about hillary that could’ve ended her presidential bid
obama’s doj let russian lawyer into u.s. without a visa under “extraordinary circumstances” before she met with donald trump jr…lawyer has ties to left-wing democrat activist, major hillary supporter
trump just threatened to jail hillary if he’s elected – then she blasted his orange face off
trump gives brutal warning to lawless sanctuary cities…there’s a new sheriff in town [video]
student at virginia university sings ‘kill all n****rs’ wearing trump mask
the nerve! clinton claims the va scandal was no big deal
iranian scientist hanged for “revealing [nuclear weapons] secrets to the enemy” after hillary revealed top secret intel about him through unsecured email
breaking: comey was troubled by evidence of ‘collusion with russia’ when trump fired him
happy labor day! 5 stunning facts: how obama family has taken full advantage of everyday working americans
eyewitness says feds ambushed bundys, 100 shots fired at passengers, lavoy finicum killed with ‘hands up’
‘morning joe’ panel says nikki haley “embarrassed” the u.s. at the un…embarrassed? we think not! [video]
boycott backfires! ivanka trump clothing line reports record sales
what gives? saudi king spends a fortune in 2014 on gifts for the obamas
breaking: obama just released gitmo prisoner who said he would “kill americans” if he was released [video]
shame: desperate rubio repeatedly tries to pin all blame for 9/11 on clinton
trump supporter scott baio makes shockingly insensitive comment about former co-star’s death
this da just called b.s. on anti-trans republicans: ‘most predators are straight men’
house conservatives planning to end paul ryan: ‘you got to stab somebody’
stunning betrayal! 43 republicans, in dark of night vote to approve obama’s transgender bathroom decree
yikes! stunning videos show anyone can hack macos high sierra by only typing one word!
bannon takes his ‘weapons’ at breitbart; smears ‘quran kissing’ mcmaster in scathing hit piece
teacher quits job after 5th, 6th grade muslim students threaten to behead her [video]
donald trump implies that he wants the national mall to be torn up
wow wikileaks! dnc planned big federal rewards for big donors
ann coulter is super pissed that trump is a disaster
fox news attacks obama’s national cancer initiative by claiming obamacare won’t cover it
atlanta judge punished for telling the truth about radical antifa protesters “tearing down monuments”
vice president pence breaks tie in bill allowing states to deny federal funds for killing babies
the revolution won’t be beat: here’s how sanders is going to change the democratic party
hecklers yell: “bill clinton’s a rapist!” at milwaukee rally [video]
“thank you baby”…yes, feminists will go nuts: president trump uses endearment to refer to kellyanne conway in thank you speech [video]
(video) democrats frustrated by clinton joking about e-mail scandal: not a ‘joking matter’.
bill clinton goes at it with trump supporter in finger shaking rant [video]
oops! crybaby hamilton stars who lectured pence haven’t voted in years [video]
clinton supporter carl bernstein : fbi found a “real bombshell” [video]
republicans just moved to repeal obamacare. they never expected americans to respond like this
bravo! populist republicans target out of control legal immigration like the ridiculous “diversity lottery”
why has donald trump abandoned the foreign policy that won him the election?
video: college students burn isis flag on campus while onlookers chant: “usa, usa, usa!”
wow! stepson of new roy moore accuser makes emotional video…says stepmom is lying: “for whatever reason she’s doing this, i’m truly sorry”
heartless democrats invite illegals to taunt trump during policy speech while trump’s guests, parents of children murdered by illegal aliens, endure their hate
lol! hillary commends weinstein accusers for coming forward, says sex claims against bill are “clearly in the past”…claims trump has “admitted to being a sexual assaulter in the oval office”
espn senior writer says cops, soldiers singing at ballparks is racist show of power…says 9/11 police officers aren’t heroes [video]
even trump’s new campaign manager demanded he release his taxes
watergate reporter says trump’s russia scandal is way worse than watergate
burn! nyt takes jab at fox news…watch how fox got even in a big way! [video]
breaking news: general mattis issues fiery warning to n. korea’s kim jong un…stand down or face “end of its regime…destruction of its people”
establishment gop end times? why republican candidates are kicking rnc to curb
whoa! watch all h*ll break loose after abc reporter calls sarah huckabee a liar [video]
shout! poll: which us oligarch family is more corrupt?
breaking: close aide to bill clinton: “i arranged for $50 million in payments to bill clinton”
clueless? nevada poll workers break the law wearing illegal t-shirts
sheriff arpaio bombshell: obama’s birth certificate is a fake…turning over evidence to feds [video]
russia’s red line: moscow announces end to us ‘deconfliction’ cooperation over syria
comedy gold! clinton gaffe while reading off of the teleprompter is darn funny [video]
alabama republican house speaker removed from office, convicted on ethics violations
just exposed: clinton broke “ethics agreement” with latest bombshell “gift” from this middle eastern country while secretary of state
white gun nut shows up armed at memorial for black man killed by police
president trump to cbs this morning: “i have no relationship with barack obama” [video]
republican steve king gives hillary shocking praise: she’s ‘somebody i can work with’
catholic bishop outraged over hillary’s anti-catholic bigotry: hillary’s a “scheming, robotic liar with lifelong appetite for power” [video]
one brave man is about to reveal the truth about what really happened in ferguson…black lives matter and the media are not going to be happy [video]
house republicans just introduced bill to slash social security
ron paul: ‘i can’t support trump if he’s gop pick’ and ‘neocons will love hillary’
watch: melania humiliates trump on world stage with obvious display of disgust
question: which presidential candidate spent the most on their campaign so far? the answer may surprise you…
breaking news: n. american family held hostage during obama presidency rescued in pakistan: “this is a country that did not respect us, this is a country that respects us now” [video]
acclaimed documentarian blasts christians for supporting trump: he lusts after his own daughter
watch: hilariously stupid trump fans fooled by hitler quotes disguised as trump’s
well, it happened – trump proves he’s a traitor in favor of a new confederacy
watch: racist rapper who hung white kid in latest video gets cold-cocked on stage
watch bernie sanders slam the hell out of republican obstruction and birther nonsense
what a wonderful world – us saviour complex
wow! document shows teachers how to teach history after trump election…”and not get fired”
breaking ramadan update: obama’s “not islamic” jv team yells “allahu akbar”…takes 20 “foreigners” hostage in bangladesh restaurant [video]
breaking bad: john mccain’s campaign rocked by meth lab scandal
donald trump hilariously gets owned on twitter for blaming media for anti-semitic post
syrian refugees spreading catastrophic outbreak of flesh eating disease to host nations…disease is difficult to detect in refugees coming to u.s.
boom! watch vp candidate tim kaine “skirt” the issue of clinton’s trustworthiness [video]
whoa! dnc releases statement suggesting dallas sniper and black lives matter protesters are linked
these are hillary clinton’s five vp choices, and they are all excellent
every bad thing we can say goodbye to with our exit from the paris accord
federal judge just delivered bad news to hillary clinton about the missing benghazi emails
watch: donald trump explains his new muslim ban ‘expansion’ plan
west virginia coal miners send a clear message to hillary clinton after she “stabs them in the back” [video]
this migrant baby drowned trying to escape syria’s civil war: he’s not a terrorist
hilarious! everyone’s laughing when they see why “creepy joe” biden teamed up with lady gaga to make a psa video
nobody in oregon seems to want the bundy militia there
wow! disturbing reason only 3 airports screen their employees every day before work [video]
can’t afford clean water for flint, but israel demands $50 billion from u.s. taxpayers
hillary coughing again, needs assistance walking at tiny rally in ft. pierce florida [video]
donald trump’s immigrant wife may have committed visa fraud
obama’s open borders: illegal alien deported 14 times arrested on meth charges
trump’s pre-inauguration tweets just earned him an epic smackdown from the internet
can hillary lie her way out of this one? physician says hillary has parkinson’s disease…hillary admits she couldn’t even “get up” after convention
president obama brought to tears in emotional speech about needing smarter gun laws
illegal aliens sent to states with lax voter id laws: told to vote democrat or be deported
full transcript and video from a passionate ag sessions: “please hear me now…” [video]
british tv personality: don’t blame trump for muslim ban comments , he speaks for the masses…who can blame americans for not wanting to end up like uk? [video]
trump bashes soldiers with ptsd and enrages the entire internet
cbs reporter asks putin how comey’s firing will affect russia…his answer is priceless! [video]
former israeli prime minister blasts israeli government, says israel has become a fascist state
watch: the 2006 child molester ad bernie sanders doesn’t want voters to see
trump supporters force rnc to close convention’s online chat over jew-bashing comments
lawless feds refuse to hand over communications on global warming junk science to republicans
rudi giuliani: ‘isis is an obama creation’ [video]
the moment fbi director james comey lost all credibility [video]
this north carolina high school just made it so trans students can be pepper sprayed for peeing
it’s official! this state puts donald trump over the top to win gop nomination [video]
#austin: fights break out between police and soros commies [video]
trump gets humiliated after his latest stupid-as-f*ck attack on obama
former democrat who voted for trump rips democrats: ‘they’ve done nothing for us, nothing but promise.’ [video]
texas pig farmer has brilliant idea after muslims demand he moves so they can build a mosque [video]
neil degrasse tyson wants to do something really uncharacteristic to trump
trump threatens to shut down nbc in early morning hissy fit
globalization’s inside man: the problem with david petraeus in trump’s cabinet
obama’s america: cliven bundy, 4 others indicted… face up to 96 years in prison for 2014 standoff [video]
a must watch! “it’s time to show america is bigger and better than ever before!” – donald j. trump [video]
peace through strength: china to cooperate with trump on n. korea…flashback: chinese disrespect weak obama on final visit…forced him to exit from “ass” of air force one [video]
gop senator has had enough: firing mueller could end trump presidency
hillary caught in the act of breaking the law in ny to get votes [video]
lou dobbs: sean spicer on trump firing comey [video]
watch: democratic rep delivers scathing rebuke of trumpcare bill to thunderous applause on house floor
4 dead teenagers in two weeks…illegal immigrant gang violence hits long island town hard
watch: jimmy kimmel roasts jeb bush’s campaign ad starring george w. bush
how loudmouth “musician” who’s $53 million in debt, is using racism to promote himself
pete souza’s instagram is a goldmine for those of us missing president obama (images/videos)
trump set to rake in the dough with massive post-election tax break
guess which republican candidate helped kkk chapters more than double last year
watch: joy reid has perfect response to melania trump’s plagiarized speech
meet the nasty women responsible for promoting hate and intolerance on nazi-themed trump billboard [video]
stephen colbert trolls trump by announcing run for president – on russian tv
revealed: fbi aided, abetted ‘isis’ terrorist attack at ‘mohammed cartoon event’ in garland, texas
feel good story of the day: globalist billionaire george soros melt down…calls trump “con artist”…says he threatens “open society model”
fbi warns republicans: do not leak clinton email files
democrats against trump’s wall for lawbreakers…but not against wall to keep bernie sanders’ fans out
republicans get skewered on twitter after hilarious #gopmovies hashtag goes viral (tweets/video)
mostly white group of boston college students sing christmas carols about racism: ‘walking through a white man’s wonderland’
breaking: trump calls for increasing our ability to destroy the world with nuclear weapons
toby keith has awesome response to crybaby attacks over trump inauguration performance [video]
nigerian immigrant worth $1.5 million arrested for $100k food stamp and welfare fraud [video]
trump gets snippy after being asked to dial down his violent rhetoric
grasping at straws
trump supporter fights back: man wearing “make america great again” hat sues “the happiest hour” bar for refusing to serve him
breaking: doj to seek death penalty for charleston church shooter
obama’s race war spreads like cancer to london: famous blind musician weighs in [video]
hacked! commie george soros hacked by dc leaks!
if trump had known about this nixon era law, he wouldn’t have run for president
boom! rep louie gohmert (r-tx) rips into obama’s gun grabbing legislative minions: “radical islam killed these people!” [video]
watch: chris wallace dumbfounded as chris christie calls trump’s tax bombshell ‘a good story’
flashback: female terrorist who planned to blow up nyc police funeral was a pre-school teacher [video]
trump just tried to ‘compliment’ democrat keith ellison. ellison’s response is all of us
superdelegate tammy baldwin: ‘i’m still a human’
obama tells troops to rise up against trump…protest his authority…feel free to criticize him [video]
two-thirds of us navy strike fighter jets grounded: navy claims no money to fix them
watch the moment the daily show realized trump won; this was probably all of us
right-wing pastor calls upon christians to die fighting transgender equality
trump puts illegal aliens, un-vetted muslim immigrants on notice…drops names of like-minded cabinet members…liberal heads explode!
rachel maddow crushes the gop fantasy that reagan was stronger on iran than obama
obama gives illegal aliens in flint, mi amnesty so they can get free sh*t from taxpayers
trump response to leftist threats: “get off my lawn”
obama’s communist crony van jones worries about what he’ll “tell his children” now that america won! [video]
charles koch has the sads because he thinks he should have more influence over elections
the white house sets palin straight — her bad parenting isn’t obama’s fault
washington restaurant tells local sheriff deputies they’re not welcome…tells them to “spread the word” [video]
paul ryan makes perfect argument for medicare for all; dumbass didn’t even realize
trump disproves the effectiveness of walls as he climbs over one himself
rino mitch mcconnell praises hillary day after benghazi hearing…says he could work with her as president
breaking report: clinton and two aides broke national security laws
watch hillary squirm when mainstream media asks if she plans to watch “13 hours” movie
boom! judge napolitano: the only crime committed “senators were under surveillance by obama administration” [video]
fox news host calls gop out on voter id laws and conservatives go insane (video/tweets)
lol! liberal ohio activist goes to jail for 13 counts of felony voter fraud…one year after falsely accusing elections board of voter fraud [video]
bernie sanders just received some excellent news about his campaign
bernie sanders: trump’s dreams of a second term will go up in smoke
hillary gives hilarious reason for losing election: “i was on the way to winning” [video]
racists are thrilled with trump’s new campaign boss
breaking: us deploys “nuke sniffer” plane to test for threat from russia
insane! huge financial disaster on the horizon with obama’s housing bubble and easy lending in the name of “fairness”
watch: sean hannity loses his sh*t because jon stewart humiliated him on colbert
model outs men to their moms & wives after they send her gross illicit pics
trump adds muslims to list of minorities he thinks shouldn’t be allowed to be judges
watch “architect” of obamacare lie and spin his way out of taking responsibility for failure…a real putz! [video]
boiler room #63 – us and them!
new 9/11 trailer – featuring charlie sheen and whoopi goldberg
debbie wasserman schultz planned to continue pay for muslim it aide charged with multiple counts of bank fraud, while living in pakistan…didn’t tell authorities muslim wife left country while under criminal investigation
ruth bader ginsburg makes america a promise and it could help save democracy
hillary clinton sings “song for women” in cameo on the daily show [video]
wow! chuck todd goes after nasty chuck schumer: opposition to trump nominee “looks politically petty” [video]
second major makeup manufacturer chooses man with razor stubble to be face for their products
president trump makes huge announcement on obama’s cuba policy: “we will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer” [video]
trump’s ice thugs stop ambulance taking 10-year-old girl with cerebral palsy to surgery
obama’s open borders: illegal alien deported 14 times arrested on meth charges
lol! leader of “do-nothing senate” mitch mcconnell caught on video whining about president trump’s “excessive expectations” of congress
unhinged black racist : ‘there is nothing un-american about reparations’ [video]
michelle obama dnc speech: ‘i wake up every morning in a house built by slaves’
trump said the media lied about his pathetic inauguration crowds. cnn’s response is perfect
michael flynn’s lawyer releases statement scorching “highly politicized witch hunt”
dallas police chief just completely desecrated the ‘good guy with a gun’ myth
war on christmas: feds to regulate christmas lights
breaking: trump devastated, drops anti-lgbt executive order after facing public outrage
watch: even investigation-obsessed gop rep. jason chaffetz says trump has no proof obama wiretapped him
is trump purging the government? team asking for list of names
elections have consequences: muslim mayor makes nj city a sanctuary city: “no city funds or resources shall be used to assist in the enforcement of federal immigration law”
who needs democrats? gop consultant says establishment needs to “put a bullet” in trump’s head
trump gets his a** handed to him for whining about ‘unfair’ protest against him
zimbabwe’s corrupt government seeks extradition of american lion hunter: secret memo shows u.s. was aware of $45-$60 million trophy hunting business
leftist freaks openly call for non-peaceful inauguration actions: “we are not in favor of a peaceful transition of power…after the election, you saw this great spontaneous upsurge in spontaneous anger in the streets” [video]
watch the ‘liberal redneck’ compare anti-trans protesters to michele bachmann on bath salts
watch: tucker carlson destroys leftist professor who claims “it’s a privilege to teach future dead cops” and defends antifa’s right to beat their opponents
breaking: muslim terrorist’s dad visited state department several times…new evidence suggests attack may have been planned for some time
while trump tries scaring us over isis, this terrorist group is growing much faster
paul joseph watson exposes lunacy of leftists who try to separate black lives matter from kidnapping, torture of white disabled teen by 4 black thugs [video]
whoa! feminist hack lawyer gloria allred refuses to say if high school yearbook used as evidence against roy moore is a forgery
jimmy kimmel: a politically correct thanksgiving pageant [video]
socialist bernie sanders can’t explain single payer or why blue states rejected it [video]
trump just got called out as ‘threat to democracy’ by admiral who oversaw killing of bin laden
members of intel committee say russia scandal could result in jail time
border sheriff: the new norm is lawless wide open border [video]
black student with hot glue gun causes elite liberal college to lock-down campus
hilarious political cartoon mocks trump perfectly over his alleged ‘sacrifices’
dan rather condemns trump’s reality show tactics in syria, rips media for calling act ‘presidential’
president obama’s final weekly address reminds us not to lose hope, we are stronger together
breaking: us supreme court rules king obama overstepped authority…executive amnesty for 5 million illegal aliens/ democrat voters not going to happen
two of trump’s top picks accused of violently assaulting women
us middle class still suffering from rockefeller-kissinger industrial transfer scheme to china
democrats outraged…but you’ll love what rex tillerson is doing to the bloated state department
iran proves republicans are full of crap as united nations says nuclear deal has been honored
john oliver gets revenge on the most hated section of the financial service industry
phyllis schlafly: michele bachmann unqualified to lead conservative movement
texas youth pastor exposed as demented child predator
wow! ky dem house speaker makes insane speech following crushing defeat in gov race [video]
sally yates just opened a can of constitutional whoop ass on ted cruz
megyn kelly silences trump’s campaign manager as she pathetically attempts to defend sexism
this touching moment potus shared with a hiroshima survivor is why he’ll be so sorely missed
plot thickens: d.c. police chief who oversaw seth rich murder socialized with top democrats, debbie wasserman-schultz
benghazi dad rips into hillary: stood by my son’s casket and lied…and what she still hasn’t done for the families that’ll shock you [video]
sweden is on brink of collapse… gun purchases are way up…pepper spray selling out…muslims beating non-muslims on streets
reporter interviewing trump refers to ca terrorists as “regular people”…trump’s response is nothing short of awesome
busted! ohio attorney general discovers illegal alien voters…calls for full investigation [video]
trump legally declares his inauguration a historic day
tough message from serious women who don’t use genitalia as reason to vote for next president : “we don’t feel safe” [video]
what the heck is going on in las vegas? video proof that las vegas coroner’s office is on lockdown
senate democrats force gop to reveal how they’ll f*ck americans over during midnight vote
it’s official: trump is potus 45
trump supporter threatens megyn kelly for putting newt gingrich in his place
obama sidekick valerie jarrett in hot water over speaking fee at broke public university
“maxine waters in a glittery cowboy hat” goes to war with trump over words said to grieving widow
russians fooled dumbass conservatives with meme of hillary fistfighting jesus
“the left is willing to risk civil war in america, nuclear war with russia because they’re ‘butt-hurt’ about losing…let that sink in” [video]
fox host gives trump the most pathetically desperate advice for winning second debate
‘prepare to kill’: conservative trump fan declares open season on anyone who punches nazis
target stores to remove gender labels from kids departments
wow! obama media ally exposes huge lie: why obama regime “cooked” intel on isis [video]
15 surprising facts about the white house easter egg roll
clueless rep maxine waters joins protesters: trump thinks he’s a dictator!
trump willing to discuss solar powered border wall if everyone agrees it was his idea
crazy video: anarchist tries to burn american flag then something awesome happens [video]
over 500 nfl players plan to tell trump to f*** off today in the best way possible
new black panther leader sends warning about republican convention [video]
watch: fox news just sided with president obama on gun control- what now, nra?
racists try to fire actor for saying black lives matter, most powerful woman in tv shuts ‘em down
churchgoers trapped inside cathedral after man hits police officer guarding church in head with hammer…authorities calling it act of terror [video]
this 4-year old tweet from donald trump shows us he’s at least as perverted as roy moore
childish cnn host refuses to call trump her president: “he’s your president” [video]
family of s.c. shooting victim has a message for al sharpton and he’s not gonna like it…
pregnant ‘pro-choice’ woman asks $1 million ransom for baby: ‘how much would you pay to stop an abortion?’
(video) naacp wants georgia confederate monument removed from stone mountain: “those guys need to go”
‘is there really no place in the world for us?’: down syndrome man gives powerful testimony against abortion of down syndrome babies [video]
kasich gets tripped up on ‘born gay’ question: ‘i don’t know how it all works’
obama’s dream is america’s nightmare: 121 illegal aliens commit murder after avoiding deportation orders
planned parenthood shooter speaks out, sounds like gop candidate
hillary approved? bill clinton ditched secret service on several trips to exotic locations on pedophile plane
watch: gop senate candidate kept referring to president obama as an ‘animal’
obama’s organized race war exposed as protestors reveal proof of payment
gitmo prisoner obama released in 2012 identified as al-qaeda leader in yemen
watch a 12-year-old ‘scientist’ obliterate anti-vaxxers’ lies in 2 minutes flat
marklevin is freaking awesome: obama negotiates with iran; iranian general says israel’s destruction is not negotiable
“dear mr. trump”…nbc uses kids to make stunning anti-trump propaganda video…prepare to be shocked!
falling apart: west’s media-driven deception in syria
trump supporter caught in racist meltdown while waiting for coffee
media downplays attack by unhinged neighbor on senator rand paul…’minor injuries’ not so minor
report shows trump’s golf course is paying migrants slave wages
bam! commie scammer mustafa ali…the epa’s “environmental justice” guru is gone! [video]
(video) democrats frustrated by clinton joking about e-mail scandal: not a ‘joking matter’.
paul joseph watson exposes lunacy of leftists who try to separate black lives matter from kidnapping, torture of white disabled teen by 4 black thugs [video]
u2 suddenly cancels huge st. louis concert tonight…why bono’s decision to “cut and run” makes him look like ridiculous hypocrite
trump wants to know why nobody talked about russian hacking before the election – spoiler: they did
trump’s new reason for suing the gop proves he’s clueless to how elections work
new biography exposes barack obama’s dream of becoming donald trump
trump’s pick for head of doj criminal division represented russian banks with putin ties
lindsey graham sends a final ‘f*** you’ to trump as he announces who he voted for
trump panics: judging my first 100 days in office is a ‘ridiculous standard’
jeb bush kicks off gop convention by going full #nevertrump
fathers of sons murdered by illegal aliens have brutal father’s day message for paul ryan
christian family kills 41-year-old mom during attempted exorcism
overnight las vegas attack is deadliest mass shooting in american history
trump regrets, move over: ‘sassy gay republican’ is all of the healthcare angst we need right now
roy moore witch hunt unravelling: more witnesses step forward to refute story of latest roy moore accuser…ouch!
trump just tweeted the stupidest thing he’s said this week – and twitter tore him a new one
black residents not happy after street artist makes one brutally honest change to divisive message [video]
hulk hogan is kicked to curb by wwe for speculation over racist comments
unreal! elderly hispanic trump supporter pepper sprayed by liberal thug [video]
rnc spokesman explodes on msnbc host for asking why he doesn’t trust cia on russia hacking
watch! clueless anti-trump “protesters” asked why they’re protesting give hysterical answers [video]
report: comey firing was nothing more than a trump tantrum over russia
liberals are afraid of kid rock running for u.s. senate…elizabeth warren’s panicked email proves it
#hashtag hell & the fake left
as predicted, google fires man who complained about firm’s repressive political culture
fbi warns of potential terror attack at super bowl…white house completely silent
fake news! maxine waters and joy reid make outrageous claims against president trump “will make sure poor people aren’t getting too much from government”
hillary bashed trump for saying he may not accept election results: video shows her telling cnn host gore shouldn’t have conceded 2000 election results
study shatters conservative claim that abortion does mental damage to women
george harrison reaches out from the grave (sort of) to destroy donald trump
lol! trump supporters sing “hey, hey, hey good bye!” as they send antifa, soros-paid democrats in berkeley back to parent’s basements [video]
incoherent lady goes on cnn to inform paul ryan she’ll destroy him for bashing trump
kid rock band member predicts: ‘that f*cker could win’ senate race
breaking: #unfithillary told fbi she couldn’t remember answers to questions because of concussion…used 13 mobile devices…hillary’s lawyers couldn’t locate any of them
what trump just said should scare all gropers in congress who settled sex assault cases using taxpayer dollars
cloaked in conspiracy: overview of jfk files reopens door to coup d’état claims & cold war era false flag terror
the sad truth about liberal logic in one meme
oops! secret service opens investigation after madonna tells thousands of angry liberals she’d like to “blow up white house”
rush limbaugh: trump’s immigration stance may win republicans, democrats and independents
marco rubio just had the most hilarious reaction to trump touching him
u.s. apologizes for human rights violations at u.n. review to countries with worse human rights violations
obama’s open borders crisis just got real…who warns of “explosive spread” of dangerous virus [video]
new: kushner lied about millions in assets on disclosure forms, over 70 items discovered missing
conservatives invent conspiracy theory to blame white oregon militia on a black guy
best meltdown of 2016! tucker carlson blasts senior “writer” at newsweek: “was trump in a mental hospital or not?…answer the question!” [video]
texas conservatives scream louder for secession after britain exits eu
clinton grifters under scrutiny: clinton global initiative dumped by exxon mobil
republican official caught exposing himself attacks police officer
young girl attacked on social media for cleaning graffiti from trump’s star
sorry, trump! hillary says ‘a lot’ of republicans are practically begging to help her win
awesome! president trump draws red line on saying “merry christmas” [video]
watch: indoctrinated college students are stunned by ugly truth about hillary: “which candidate said this?”
jeb bush finally got the best of trump, until trump hushed him like a toddler
mom hears 8 yr old daugher scream in girl’s bathroom…finds man strangling her…dragging her into stall [video]
sick trend: ‘sologamist’ describes what it’s like to be the bride and the groom: “i’m worth it!” [video]
absolutely stunning video shows how one hacker can totally change the outcome of our elections [video]
fired! #nevertrumper, close friend of reince preibus, white house deputy-chief-of-staff katie walsh outed as leaker
fireworks: trey gowdy confronts jeff sessions at congressional hearing: ‘how do you restore people’s trust?’ [video]
donald trump promises to break federal law, force public schools to “teach patriotism”
hillary to obama: “call off your f–king dogs”
breaking: brazil detains two us olympic swimmers in robbery investigation…let our swimmers go!
oops! list of top 10 corporate tax dodgers are all hillary donors…compliments of bernie sanders
a timeless thanksgiving address from ronald reagan: “as a measure of our gratitude, let us rededicate ourselves to the preservation of the land of the free and the home of the brave” [video]
[video] two street preachers severely beaten by tolerant gays at seattle gay pride parade
5 facts the media won’t tell you about cops killing blacks [video]
trump betrayed: gop rep. defends refugees against his muslim ban
trump goes on insane rant about female news anchor bleeding; here’s her response
watch: not a single woman will vote trump after seeing this video
you be the judge: watch…did obama put something in his eye to make it look like he was crying?
watch: trump awkwardly panders to empty black church so white people will vote for him
christian extremists in oregon launch campaign of terror against family for ‘race-mixing’
desperate staff sent melania to stop 2-hour trump/putin meeting, she failed
violent protest outside trump rally in pittsburgh as cops come down on black lives matter thugs [video]
roy moore is asking people to snitch on the media and he’s getting trolled hard
hillary clinton bravely vows to stand up to something that…doesn’t exist
ha! you won’t believe hillary’s luxury “scooby” van!
college students express disgust in trump’s “first 100 days”…until they find out interviewer was talking about obama [video]
lesbians4hillary? wait…what about her unyielding support for traditional marriage in this video?
ouch! new emails show hillary didn’t want to fly in same plane as michelle obama
arrogant bill clinton mocks coal miners for supporting trump after hillary promises to shut down coal industry if she’s elected [video]
signs saying ‘future internment camp’ are popping up on empty lots all over the country
obama’s epa gestapo to skip hearing on co mine, toxic sludge disaster…will attend un climate change meeting with obama instead
this man has spent a decade in prison because his court-appointed attorney slept through his trial
watch trump crowd erupt: “we have no choice! complete shut down of muslims entering u.s.”
racist nypd cops threaten to tase black children for walking down the street
this old anthony scaramucci tweet must be very uncomfortable right now
watch: the view blasts fox news for not covering racism fairly
mn taxpayers to pay rent for african refugees while visiting homeland…freeing them from financial burden
melania saves taxpayers a fortune by making shocking cuts in number of aides at white house compared to lavish michelle obama
leaked email: hillary’s team caught bashing “backwards” catholics
fact check: u.s. intelligence proves trump a liar – he knew about russian attacks
trump’s national security adviser thinks obama was right about terrorism all along
[video] carly takes on the view hacks only days after saying she has a “demented face” and a “halloween mask”
wells fargo ceo gets completely humiliated in must-watch hearing
boom! 4 venues cancel kathy griffin appearances after she blames trump for her career ending decision to pose with his severed head
22-year-old inmate dies after being punished for ‘faking illness’ in fla jail
eric trump sent fundraising email showing trump winning–there’s just one problem
watch: fox hosts crudely brag that hurricane matthew will hurt democrats in florida
you can’t make this sh*t up: kellyanne conway punched a dude at inaugural ball
media ignores time that bill clinton fired his fbi director on day before vince foster was found dead
shame! last hope to kill iran nuke deal blocked in senate
harry reid storms the senate, unleashes on gop and it was f*cking awesome
watch: bernie sanders supporter wants you to pay off her $226k debt…wait till you see what a job with her degree pays
ball family member reveals sick reason lavar ball allegedly wouldn’t let his sons see their mother after “surgery to remove portion of her skull”
ouch! paul joseph watson destroys mtv’s racist propaganda video: “beyonce cares so much about ‘black issues’ that she dyes her hair blonde and bleaches her skin to try and look as white as possible” [video]
pro-trump chicagoans hit back: use ‘real fake’ sculpture in front of trump tower as a monument to cnn
this explains a lot: donald trump’s son says he gets his political views from a michael bay movie
melania wins huge settlement from tabloid over fake and “embarrassing claims”
every state in america just turned on trump, this is a major ‘f*ck you’ to potus
after iowa, trump’s fragile ego totally preparing for being a loser everywhere
no joke! chicago cops searching for thug dad who filmed toddler smoking pot: “inhale it” [video]
say what?! muslim women can now cover their faces for license picture in obama’s home state of illinois
breaking: 28 yr old palestinian muslim feras mohamed freitekh crashes plane near pratt whitney hq’s…instructor pilot said “it was intentional”…media says motive is still mystery…lol!
michelle obama and her daughters are visiting africa – and racists are having a field day
president trump looking at executive action on obamacare
whoa! is rino senator mitch mcconnell behind roy moore “hit job”?…”i strongly, strongly suspect somebody out of the mcconnell camp planted the story”
leftist des moines register tells donald to drop out of race…trump denies them press passes to event…forces them sit with packed crowd of supporters
another american known wolf? fort lauderdale shooter known to fbi, worked for security, amid backdrop of mass drills
thanks to republicans, obama nominee dies waiting for confirmation
republican insiders are taking aim at trump, calling on pence to drop out
how is this possible? latino immigrant, anti-trump activist group with ties to george soros and acorn awarded more than $25 million in taxpayer funds
this company uses a black model to promote the worst shirt ever (images/tweets)
woman confronts guy paying with food stamps: “i’m paying for that” [video]
false profits: the u.s. military’s war over russia
boycott! singer john legend calls trump “an embarrassment”…asks for ‘out of shape’ white people to play trump supporters in music video
anti-trump protestors prove they have no basis for their hateful claims against “the donald” [video]
magnificent! 2017 white house christmas decorations cause a liberal meltdown [video]
us advising soldiers to be ‘less masculine’ as military tries to curb flood of sexual harassment cases
gun dealer backs out of selling zimmerman’s murder weapon, closes social media accounts
right-wing terrorist found with shrapnel-filled bombs has a facebook page filled with crazy
“donald trump diet”…lifelong liberal tells  how his leftist friends caused him to lose 7 pounds after he defended donald trump [video]
sc state rep who is a former cop proposes smart gun law for campuses that the clueless anti-gun crowd will detest
boom! marco rubio has best line of the day at comey hearings [video]
elizabeth warren goes on ‘the view’ and lets us know her plans for trump
trump goes on bizarre twitter rant that will make businesses laugh at him
governor jerry brown just made it possible for illegal aliens to vote…coming to a state near you?
trump whines about fake news, cnn’s chris cuomo just shut him down perfectly
flashback: nancy pelosi makes outrageous claim about trump and “guns, god, and gays [video]
breaking: megyn kelly to cnn?
republican west virginia lawmaker wants you to know his ‘n*****’ tweet wasn’t racist
donald trump thanks the ‘poorly educated’ for handing him victory in nevada
hillary calls on cranky socialist she stole election from to sway free sh*t voters [video]
why is the media silent as hillary cackles about her key role in muslim invasion of europe? [video]
“hillary clinton sexually assaulted me!” [video]
lunatic right-winger uses girl scout cookies as reason to end laws against child labor
u2 suddenly cancels huge st. louis concert tonight…why bono’s decision to “cut and run” makes him look like ridiculous hypocrite
milwaukee art museum to display this huge portrait of pope francis made of condoms
lol! comedian joe piscopo warns statue haters: leave christopher columbus alone! [video]
ymca camp forces black children through slavery reenactment
(video) ted cruz protesters get all wet when restaurant owner has had enough
donald ‘war criminal’ rumsfeld takes a moment to remind us he’s close to death
college prof develops 10 “cracka commandments” to help white privileged people with imminent “black spring”
because of trump, we need an equal rights amendment now
don’t believe media lies…wildly unpopular hillary gives speech in nh…here are uncensored facebook users responses from live feed…lol!
chilling: terrorism expert gives frightening look into obama’s faux “fight” against isis: “it’s not about protecting america” [video]
whoa! mainstream media has officially declared war on crooked hillary: “far and away the most devastating 10 minutes on hillary clinton you will ever see” [video]
whoa! rock legend roger daltrey rips eu for “raping” southern european countries with immigration nightmare
no passport necessary: tunnels made by drug cartels along obama’s open borders make it easy for isis to enter us [video]
why did the state department redact this one clinton sentence?
watch: texas pastor cheers orlando mass shooting, prays god will finish off those in icu
alt-left plans to hijack president trump’s az rally…will he really make them crazy by announcing pardon for america’s toughest sheriff on illegal immigration?
gop rep blames media for trump’s attacks on sessions
flashback to time when abc news’ #lyinbrianross tried to tie aurora, co mass shooter to tea party [video]
watch: robin williams calls out hypocrisy of audience during his politically incorrect comedy act about muslims, jihad and the quran
newt gingrich demands president obama pick a conservative just like scalia for scotus
will julian assange be assassinated before he releases “october surprise” he’s threatened for hillary [video]
obama just showed trump how real presidents treat their former opponents
dying gop senator spent final days apologizing to muslims for trump’s hate
trump stuns an entire room into dumbfounded silence with his ‘proof’ of voter fraud
trevor noah roasts jeb bush’s pathetically desperate effort to remain a viable candidate
happy labor day! 5 stunning facts: how obama family has taken full advantage of everyday working americans
“woody” kaine one of six arrested after peaceful pro-trump supporters were attacked by violent rioters at mn state capitol [video]
anthony weiner caught again: sends kinky shot to brunette with 4-year old son next to him
cpac cowards run for the hills as milo pedophilia controversy heats up
26 basement dwellers arrested in oregon riots…police post pictures of suspects…ask for help to identify pro-hillary rioters
older husbands allowed to sleep with child brides on weekends at danish asylum centers
the end of crooked hillary’s political career: “hello darkness my old friend” [video]
cops slam gun-crazy gop candidate who said they should be shot
hillary supporter says murders will happen at anti-trump riots: “there will be casualties on both sides….people have to die to make a change…” [video]
germany’s defense minister refuses to wear hijab during saudi arabia visit…says trump’s election proves political correctness has been rejected
bam! this one picture proves michael moore wrong on socialism vs capitalism
trump live tweets about ‘fox and friends’ while mass shooting in orlando unfolds
young danish couple beaten, woman punched in head, after “ethnic” gang attacked them for eating pork on pizza
“moderate” muslim silence? neighbors: “they kept to themselves…they did not wear religious garb”…people who knew him: “he expressed support for terror groups”
oregon ranchers who started bundy occupation threatened to kill refuge employees and their kids
obama ramps up militarization of epa, fda, va while obsessing over taking guns from citizens
paul ryan responds to trump’s ‘loyalty’ request to comey, this is beyond pathetic
watch: rachel maddow obliterates kellyanne conway over trump’s call for more nukes
we sh*t you not: game show host steve harvey given role in trump admin
new emails show hillary asking how meeting on libyan war would impact hamptons vacation…and more
do you want to save america from hillary? share this video with everyone you know…
watch: the craziest public service announcement you may ever see
let’s play! can you answer the 21 questions that every american should know?
watch: judge jeanine defends president trump…destroys nfl commissioner roger goodell…disrespectful and violent nfl players
cnn’s fareed zakaria busts out a profanity filled rant against trump [video]
here we go again…grammy awards under fire for not honoring enough dead black people
no more fun freebies on backs of hard working americans: kansas takes “fun” activities out of welfare
let the reparations begin: rahm emanuel uses $5.5 million taxpayer dollars to gain favor with chicago’s black voters
president obama smacks down trump’s bullsh*t — claims ‘don’t jibe with the facts’
detective on seth rich murder mystery drops shocking news [video]
no, google is not cheating for hillary clinton
4 things the media won’t tell you about “oppressed” anti-american nfl qb colin kaepernick
detroit free press editor calls for gruesome murder of mi gop lawmakers
man walks into target with undercover camera…watch manager’s shocking reply after he asks to use women’s bathroom
trump fan debates 12-year-old and humiliates himself
nsc will not fulfill subpoena request for susan rice unmasking documents…records moved to obama library…presidential records act keeps them hidden from public for 5 years [video]
epic! cspan caller gets his benghazi message out to hillary…this is priceless!
how diplomatic! senator mccain responds to criticism he called north korean dictator “crazy fat kid”
michael flynn’s lawyer releases statement scorching “highly politicized witch hunt”
palestinian protesters attack us embassy in lebanon
obama brags about hijacking 1.35 million acres in utah, nevada…despite opposition…posts wrong picture of land
stephen moore: what republican turncoats forget…examining the case of the republicans for hillary
this one tweet explains how close trump is to destroying america
cnn does not hold back; completely makes fun of paul ryan with the rest of america
jihad for dummies: how us army enlistee, mohammed abdullah hassan was caught attempting to bomb us army base
watch: chinese state media is literally laughing at american embarrassment trump
judge napolitano drops a bomb about obama’s surveillance [video]
perfect! president trump is laughing hysterically in hilarious new video featuring cnn logo as jim carrey in “liar liar” movie
florida police recommend unbelievably light charge for 2nd amendment mom
winning! george soros group gets black eye when hannity advertiser comes back after allegedly pulling ads over seth rich story
obama takes legally binding draft to un security council to ensure next president can’t undo iran nuclear deal
trump’s labor secretary pick wants to eliminate break time, overtime pay, and other protections
media attacks taylor swift over refusal to criticize president-elect trump
kkk grand dragon endorses hillary clinton…who’s the racist now? [video]
savage anti-trump protesters knock out innocent man at portland airport: “that’s right nazi boy!” [video]
you’re fired! pres trump fires obama’s partisan acting attorney general after she refuses to enforce travel ban
(video) un climate change freaks: “we should make every effort to decrease the world population”
tucker carlson asks how hypocrite maxine waters affords $4.3 million mansion after 40 yrs in congress
wow! christian author gives unexpected and brilliant answer to muslim law student who claims she’s worried, “we portray islam and all muslims as bad” [video]
the gop just revealed what they really think about ‘national security’
hypocritical alabama governor gets booted from his own church for affair with staffer
sunday screening: national security alert: the pentagon attack (2009)
canadian woman destroys liberal prime minister trudeau over socialist carbon-tax policy: “how is it justified for you to ask me to pay a carbon tax when i only have $65 left of my paycheck every 2 weeks to feed my family?” [video]
poll: trump is the least popular president of all time — and it’s getting worse
dakota access pipeline protest fund asks for only $5k but get much more
crazy alex jones really thinks ‘transgender’ michelle obama killed joan rivers
trump ignores historically low rating, brags he could win election ‘by a lot more’ now
fbi agent who ‘found nothing’ on huma and anthony weiner’s laptops in record time right before election is same agent fired by mueller for anti-trump texts
boiler room #105 – quantum swamp chess
“she’s no pushover”: how sarah huckabee sanders made it to the white house podium
national pet chain linked to outbreak of bacterial infection sickens 39 people in 7 states, 9 victims have already been hospitalized
trump’s brilliant solution to opioid crisis: just tell youth ‘no good, really bad for you’
trump kicks off his tuesday by lying about president obama and get ripped apart by twitter
trump executive order mandates two regulation cuts for every new one created
watch: 20 years ago, david bowie saw america’s dark future
ceo who threatened to kill trump with sniper rifle says life has been turned upside down [video]
msnbc hack asks if president trump is “trying to provoke a domestic terrorist attack”? [video]
national pet chain linked to outbreak of bacterial infection sickens 39 people in 7 states, 9 victims have already been hospitalized
meet the nasty women responsible for promoting hate and intolerance on nazi-themed trump billboard [video]
watch: patriots fans boo players who disrespect our national anthem…shout “stand up!” at players taking a knee
the fix is in: michigan mayor threatened by dnc for cheering for his candidate at debate [video]
wow! hillary supporter caught on undercover camera saying “it’s okay” to rip up republican voter registrations [video]
president obama blasts ‘insecure’ trump, makes it clear trump is unfit
patrick stewart literally paid a guy to not vote for donald trump
breaking: ecuadorian embassy admits they cut wikileaks internet after pressure from john kerry
shocking report: more law enforcement officers killed than young black men by white cops
sean hannity has extremely embarrassing meltdown after reporter hurts his feelings
week #13 of nfl hell continues: “lots of empty seats for the biggest game of the nfl week”
boom! trump holds “dishonest media” accountable : nbc cuts 9 minutes from kellyanne conway interview…trump exposes them on twitter [video]
oops! did the media think voters would forget about hillary’s “friend and mentor” late kkk leader robert byrd? [video]
not funny! what these “morons” did for crooked hillary should frighten every american [video]
bill o’reilly screws fox news as shocking amount of advertisers abandon network
liberal nobel prize winning economist: hillary clinton is more liberal than obama
the donald trump campaign is getting out the vote – for democrats
bernie sanders reveals his full health care funding plan: the 1% are going to hate it
judge jeanine is furious! rino’s are plotting to take down president trump…cowardly gop sitting back, watching democrats ‘railroad their president’…only one republican is defending trump [video]
ben & jerry tell us why pulling out of paris climate deal was the right move
hillary responds to trump on twitter and hilariously fact checks him
wow! huckabee asks nancy pelosi if she’s “racist” or “just dumb” over dr. ben carson comments
were his hands up? new video emerges showing fbi shooting and killing father of 11, and oregon protester in face
hillary gives hilarious reason for losing election: “i was on the way to winning” [video]
breaking: putin makes aggressive military move after trump hit syria with airstrikes
black lives matter terrorists take to social media: angry over attention given to france terror victims
former ambassador accuses trump of violating constitution every time a diplomat visits
fantastic! trump’s 7 point plan to reform healthcare begins with a bombshell!
no class michelle obama takes several swipes at trump during tech speech and veiled swipe at clintons: ‘people that won’t go away’ [video]
this single anecdote tells you everything you need to know about trump voters
watch: “it’s the most wonderful time of the year”…trump style
sarah palin gets annihilated on twitter for whining about elizabeth warren using ‘fight like a girl’ line
report: clinton may pick elizabeth warren as her v.p., harry reid leading effort
oops! list of top 10 corporate tax dodgers are all hillary donors…compliments of bernie sanders
obama’s party with #blacklivesmatter organizer in white house on eve of fbi’s terror attack confirmation [video]
desperation or stupidity? german state recruits refugees with no passports for police officer jobs
third grade boys complain about 9 year old girl using boys’ bathroom…boys told to stand closer to urinals
disgraceful: us air force can no longer afford 21-gun salute at vet funerals…plenty of funds for muslim immigrants
socialist bernie sanders praises castro [video]
samantha bee: n.c.’s ‘numbnut’ anti-gay law is due to dems not voting
cruz trying to hold fiorina’s hand is more awkward than a middle school dance
wow! kellyanne conway’s “mistake” forced leftist media to expose what really happened in bowling green…and the truth about these iraqi “refugees” is p.r. nightmare for the left [video]
here’s why you should boycott the nfl starting today…#boycottnfl
watch: 94-yr old pearl harbor survivor donald stratton fights back tears as he thanks president trump for bringing usa together again
breaking: gun used by 5 time deported illegal alien belonged to federal agent
confused protesters swarm outside trump nyc fundraiser: ‘tax the rich, not working people’
phony hillary breaks out fake southern accent during speech to grads [video]
‘i don’t think you have a standard’: nyt reporter called out over claim obama told 18 lies while potus [video]
unreal! right before massacre…#lasvegas concert crowd sang ‘god bless america’ [video]
sarah palin and her white trash friends get torched for disrespecting hillary clinton’s white house portrait
shocking summary of the dnc convention so far…did we leave anything out?
breaking: a huge deal! putin suspends nuclear pact with us
arrogant democrats still in denial on trump: “we cannot allow him to stay in that position” [video]
breaking: fbi suspects jared kushner of being a russian stooge
how trump scammed new york for 9/11 money he didn’t deserve
donald rumseld humiliates “the view” dingbat joy behar…calls her out for not understanding how presidents are elected [video]
watch: media critics tear megyn kelly apart for spreading alex jones ‘virus’ to her viewers
oops! gop governor who called for trump to “step aside” after taped sexual remarks forced to resign after embarrassing audio tape proves involvement in sex scandal
trump team didn’t just collude with israel, kushner was acting as foreign agent for tel aviv
trump tweets lie about america’s third biggest trading partner triggering international scandal
new poll shows democrats under 50 prefer old, white marxists to serial criminals in pants suits
hackers reveal thousands of emails registered to white house used website for cheating spouses [video]
pentagon request denied: [video] armed citizens defending recruitment centers won’t stand down
breaking: president trump signs most important executive order “to ease the burden”
catholic partial birth-abortion supporting democrat steals pope’s water to drink and splash on grandkids [video]…you won’t believe what he’s doing next
[video] bumbling us defense sec. can’t answer question about whether or not we’ll defend the 60 syrians we’re training to fight isis
lou dobbs: sean spicer on trump firing comey [video]
elite nazi-allied order from hungary claims trump adviser sebastian gorka is sworn member
ivanka defends malia obama from attacks, her dad’s fans won’t stop: ‘she looks like a baboon’
anarchy by design: ‘anti-trump’ flash mobs, hollywood and the wall street war chest
mitch mcconnell just got screwed by his own party: 16 gop senators defect on scotus blockade
watch: remember when hillary said she wasn’t dropping out of 2008 primary race…hinted obama might be assassinated before election [video]
president trump makes room erupt in laughter with hilarious story at state banquet in japan [video]
beyond sick! cnn runs segment to explain how obama appointee will take over as president if both trump and pence are assassinated at inauguration [video]
coordinated? yet another hack reporter claims u.s. doesn’t have ‘moral authority’ to talk about iranian protests [video]
you won’t believe his punishment! hispanic store owner swindles tax payers out of $1,116,924.27 in latest food stamp scam
guilty as hell paul manafort and rick gates enter ‘not guilty’ pleas in russian collusion scandal (tweet/video)
leftist freaks openly call for non-peaceful inauguration actions: “we are not in favor of a peaceful transition of power…after the election, you saw this great spontaneous upsurge in spontaneous anger in the streets” [video]
busted: [video] aarp caught using subliminal message to promote ‘martial law’ in recent ad
evan mcmullin: ‘never in his life’ has trump had to watch his mouth
isis supporter responds to killing of top isis operative: “if they took abu sayyaf, we will take obama”
facebook hires porn star and husband accused of defrauding “snopes” website to “fact-check” mostly conservative websites
this trump ad got pulled off the air because it broke the law
trump spokeswoman: i called obama ‘head negro’ because liberals made me mad
no, conservatives, the ‘golden showers’ trump story isn’t an elaborate 4chan hoax
why did 14 massive teen mall brawls, including gunfire break out across america on the day after christmas? [video]
trump’s justice dept. realizes prosecuting woman for laughing is stupid – drops case entirely
report: bannon routinely using anti-semitic slur towards jared kushner, wh turning toxic quickly
surreal: lone venezuelan man plays violin amidst tear gas and molotov cocktails during riot [video]
kid rock goes off on colin kaepernick, obamacare and deadbeat dads…asks “almighty jesus” to “give us strength to fight”…”because like it or not, hillary lost and your president is donald mother-f***king trump!” during mi concert
78 year study blows away republican lies about raising wages
this christian mom thought it was a good idea to put her hateful rap song on the internet
powerful! he became a police officer after watching the twin towers fall on 9-11…today, he “humbly begs” seahawks players to not sit for national anthem
death of a nation by executive order: who voted to bring 33 million immigrants to america?
(video) in case you missed it: gop full debate
oops! new evidence shows hillary’s 33,000 emails aren’t lost after all
watch: trump frighteningly praises north korean dictator for executing people to stay in power
jessica williams leaves the daily show with the most hilarious trump bashing yet
disgusting! usa today video suggests “trump era” will make traveling unsafe…rebuttal video already out! [video]
trump just offered the most bizarre excuse for russian prostitute urination scandal
governor of new york attacks trump with depressing message about election
trump’s own running mate just put him to shame with a simple promise
breaking: senate strikes back after obama slaps 9/11 victim’s families in the face….vote 97-1
planned parenthood tells carly fiorina to go f*ck herself on the way out the door
breaking: key person in clinton scandal emerges…the “middle” man [video]
mexico makes toilet paper great again as americans can now wipe their a**es with trump
how the fbi creates ‘domestic terror’ in the united states
watch: cnn host humiliates trump supporter for lying about mormon tabernacle choir singer
james comey will testify thursday: what will he say?
democrats give trump a big f**ck you after he attacks them in insane twitter rant
she lies again! hillary tells a whopper during her convention speech…a tall tale tearjerker that just isn’t true!
must watch: trump supporter unleashes truth on fox pundits: “americans are tired of fighting other people for jobs!”
modern medicine explains why your desire to punch ted cruz in the face is completely natural
employees implanted with microchip at “chip party”…first company in us to have microchip program
big corp. is so afraid of a liberal scotus they just settled a massive lawsuit
usa today article blames whites for mlk murder: whites killed mlk. now we honor him…centuries of kidnapping, torture, murder, rape”
breaking: did hillary’s unsecured classified emails cause execution of iranian accused of working with u.s.? [video]
watch: eva longoria kicks trump’s a** on behalf of latinos everywhere
unhinged pelosi: it’s “outrageous” that republicans blame dems for shooting: “somewhere in the 90’s the republicans went on the politics of personal destruction” [video]
breaking video: clinton can’t explain discrepancy about when she started to use private server
5-star mooch tells graduates: “every single day, i wake up in a house that was built by slaves” [video]
exposed: facebook blacklists conservative news & falsified ‘black lives matter’ trend
report: intelligence community declares war on trump, promises to put him in jail
trump tries to blame obama for north korea mess, it immediately backfires
trump supporters in virginia beach shout down cnn aka clinton news network
is crooked hillary getting ready to compete with creepy joe biden in 2020…as both career politicians fight for credit over dem seats won in blue states last night
breaking: anthrax shipped from utah across the u.s. by mistake
portland public schools tell the koch brothers to get out
’60 minutes’: 9/11 report could incriminate saudi arabia with these details
bette midler asks obama to release violent black panthers from prison…gets hammered on social media
wow! tucker and jesse destroy the liberal kooks protesting trump [video]
president trump announces decision on paris climate deal…america first! [video]
a picture is worth a thousand words: a lone socialist takes this ironic message to trump
homeless man dies next to 4-star hotel…your blood will boil when you see who is living inside hotel
end of fox news monopoly? liberal murdoch sons who fired bill o’reilly and roger ailes, suspended eric bolling, are about to get some serious competition
request to halt construction of dapl declined
leading senator in trump-russia investigation reveals startling odds for trump’s impeachment
breaking news: obama to meet with special guest in oval office… is this proof that hillary’s campaign is officially over?
donald trump jr. blasts “comedian” kathy griffin after she poses in gruesome photo holding president trump’s bloody, decapitated head
what ann coulter just called fox news and ted cruz takes the gop civil war to another level
trump suggests banning moderators at debates: matt lauer ‘was tough on me’
racists go crazy after samuel l jackson trashes trump on jimmy kimmel live
shocking! msnbc reporter grills maxine waters on whether comey should have been fired [video]
nba kowtows to racists, orders players to stand for anthem
leftist alan colmes thinks we should stop “using” the national anthem at sporting events
hillary just showed the whole world that she can still kick trump’s a**
watch: democrats release video perfectly highlighting hypocrisy of trump’s appointments
what this georgia republican just said about the kkk, slavery and isis will blow your mind
obama’s doj to blame iran for cyber-attack on ny dam in 2013…wait…what about that deal with obama’s ally in 2015?
wow! legal hispanic american immigrant unloads on racist hillary supporters: “liberals are desperate because they know they’re gonna lose” [video]
orlando gunman’s ties to anti-gay muslim extremists exposed
‘simpsons’ creator matt groening eerily foresaw today’s republican insanity 25 years ago
remember that time hypocrite trump tweeted obama should comply with record releases
why trump is right to recognize jerusalem as israel’s capital
boiler room #66 – globo-terror & the pokego-pocalypse
louisiana governor blasts trump over his photo-op exploitation
pure class: israel’s netanyahu shares powerful christmas message of the bond between christians and jews [video]
breaking news on clinton informant’s gag order will have hillary shaking in her pantsuit
prominent democrat claims old, white, leftist males are waiting in the wings for hillary to fall
obama gives un authority to vet 9,000 “refugees” from latin america to u.s.
sunday screening: guns, drugs & the cia (1988)
georgia gop official celebrates mlk day by calling civil rights legend john lewis a ‘racist pig’
delusional obama: i would have won if i had run again…
disgusting: anarchist punk calls u.s. veteran “anti-american”…veteran yells back “i’m a patriot!” [video]
breaking scare: donald trump rushed offstage after protester tackled to the ground [video]
deborah messing and susan sarandon’s epic political twitter battle goes horribly wrong (tweets, video)
wikileaks reminds the world: “obama has a history of tapping & hacking his friends and rivals”
watch: cnn pundit hilariously turns trump’s ‘drain the swamp’ slogan against him
breaking: wikileaks email release exposes two-faced hillary admitting she needs to have a private and public position on policy
wow! globalist leaders furious over trump’s important decision at g7
wikileaks bombshell: huge pay to play by hillary that risked our national security…how is this legal?
update: dem official caught on tape: “i’m glad he (scalise) got shot, i wish he was f*cking dead…” [audio]
karma? podium collapses at hillary rally [video]
iran may have received over $33 billion in cash and gold from obama
trump has finally commented on portland train attack… sort of
watch: nbc crunched the numbers, and trump is facing election disaster
watch: it just hit a trump supporter that repealing obamacare will destroy his life
lol! new york times publishes lengthy article on dem senator’s corruption trial…leaves one critical detail out of their story
kellyanne conway makes a fool of herself trying to defend trump’s ridiculous attack on obama
staffers inside the white house are showing us just how massive an a** trump really is
us thanksgiving guide: how to celebrate a sordid and genocidal history
watch dinesh d’souza totally embarrass liberal caller on c-span: “first of all…” [video]
lol! hollywood announces name of new awards show to replace the oscars…and it’s hilarious!
barack obama’s final arms-export totals doubles that of bush administration
wow! new email (pictured) uncovered shows hillary telling top aide it’s a ‘good idea’ to lie
kathy griffin & hillary clinton are losers, not victims
wow! video captures angry st. louis protesters turning on media…tv reporter calls unprovoked attack: “the scariest moment of my career”
invasion of america: possibility of a trump wall has illegals racing to across the border in record numbers
a speech to save a nation: “we the people will reclaim our government!” [video]
donald trump’s alma mater just told him to go f*ck himself
mccain’s mad world and the cancer of conflict
russia-gate was all the rage across us media – where did it go and why?
trump goes birther on federal judge presiding over trump u fraud case: he’s a ‘mexican!’
all hell is about to break loose between european vigilante group “soldiers of odin” and isis inspired “soldiers of allah”
marine arrested for complaining about government on facebook is suing government [video]
breaking: why did obama just break democrat ranks, throw hillary under the bus on fbi investigation?
sheriffs, lt. gov and immigration experts fight back against fed’s attempt to make texas a sanctuary state
trump: obama just looks anti-cop
corrupt republican blames ‘deep state’ for his arrest after stealing charity money
breaking: lead republican investigating russia just proved he’s in it for trump, not the truth
breaking: obama just released gitmo prisoner who said he would “kill americans” if he was released [video]
france just put trump fans who hate obama to shame with this incredible movement
the 1 percenter baby: chelsea’s daughter is clearly not one of those ‘everyday people’ her ‘dead broke’ granny is championing
yes, obama can appoint a supreme court justice before he leaves…but will he?
dear president moron: since you don’t seem to get how nato works, please allow me to educate you
watch desperate granny hillary clinton: hip selfies and tv appearances on ellen as she sinks in the polls
emotional trump endorsement from former fbi asst director: “our country is going down the tubes” [video]
breaking: angry black lives matter activist admits to starting massive la apartment complex fire as pay back for death of thug michael brown
rush limbaugh: legalize rape by calling it a civil rights issue
watch: trump displays wide smirk as heckler calls him ‘putin’s b*tch’ during rally
bombshell: comey reveals ag lynch asked him to refer to clinton email probe as “matter not investigation” [video]
jealous donald trump attacks megyn kelly again, says nobody wants to woo her
breaking: iran tests cruise missile…trump warns…they’re “playing with fire…they don’t appreciate how ‘kind’ president obama was to them. not me!” [video]
arizona rancher protesting in oregon is targeted by cps, loses custody of foster children
hello united air lines! delta just paid a woman $11k not to fly last weekend [video]
white house: it wasn’t sexist for trump to slut-shame sen. kirsten gillibrand
ted cruz awkwardly tries to say trump’s not a liar, but fails miserably
utah’s oldest paper demands trump drop out of race in scathing must-read editorial
shocking video: muslim child bride forced to wed man 20 years older…you won’t believe what he trades for her! [video]
former cia/nsa chief says trump’s unlawful orders would not be followed by the armed forces
say what? [video] leftist comedian bill maher destroys muslim clock boy, while ronald reagan’s son tries to defend him
#trumpertantrum: twitter’s brilliant response to trump’s embarrassing meltdown
bundy’s anti-government militia costing taxpayers $100,000 a week during ‘indefinite’ standoff
trump crosses the line, attacks civil rights icon on twitter
obama and doj’s radical director to meet monday on gun control executive action
if hillary is elected and becomes too sick to serve, could her rapist husband become a de facto president?
breaking: planned parenthood pulls a lame pr stunt and gets busted
wow! bombshell book details history of hillary beating bill clinton and terrorizing staff
sickening: angry black student spray paints racist graffiti all over uw madison campus…radical professors, 700 students cry “racism” when police arrest him[video]
breaking report: antifa thugs place bounty on head of black patriot defending confederate monuments [video]
citizen journalist enters wh press room yells questions to press…liberals have a hissy fit! [video]
from the religion of peace: isis babies…a whole new generation of hate and oppression
breaking: wikileaks emails suggest supreme court justice scalia may have been murdered
in 2011, stephen colbert gave us a futuristic view of trump’s presidency; he wasn’t far off
it’s not over yet: jill stein files federal lawsuit over pennsylvania recount
president trump makes time magazine’s “100 most influential people in the world” list…readers stunned by person who gave him rave reviews
what’s the leading killer of american adults under 50? drug overdose.
liberal “the view” hosts mock hillary’s response to brussels terror attack…admit trump was right [video]
you won’t believe what hit this pro-tpp politician in the face
classless clintons spew coordinated lies against trump on late night shows: imply trump is a dictator [video]
‘classified’ emails from hillary clinton and huma abedin found on anthony weiner’s laptop
there was something weird about trump’s hair during his embarrassing mexico trip
shocker! senator diane feinstein calls for a look into comey/lynch collusion: “i think we need to know more about that” [video]
ep #10: patrick henningsen live – ‘inside esoteric hollywood’ with guest jay dyer
university official once said rape victims were actually just sick in the head
coincidence or trump effect? ford changes course, brings mexico plant back to u.s. after trump makes this threat about outsourcing
bye bye cowboys! crowd boos as owner jerry jones kneels with team before anthem #boycottnfl [video]
what megan kelly did for trump’s wife may have put her back in his good graces [video]
boehner announces his final act of cowardice as he steps down before being ousted as speaker
radio stations around the country hacked to play yg’s ‘f*** donald trump’ song
breaking: ga, ky, wv confirm they suspect obama’s dhs hacked their election networks [video]
hollywood lefty leo dicaprio goes off the rails on climate change claims [video]
university of texas warns of 29 offensive halloween costumes not to wear or else!
bombshell biography: “self-obsessed” barack obama asked white girlfriend to marry him…dated her while engaged to michelle
breaking: secretary of state debates abandoning trump, fleeing sinking ship
the trump camp may have just thrown out every crucial swing state
watch liberal cnn lawyer skewer “village idiot” hillary clinton: “clear violations of federal records act”
ann coulter turns on trump over his immigration flip flop
how the fbi creates ‘domestic terror’ in the united states
liberal fed judge who sided with black lives matter terror group over seattle cops stops trump’s immigration travel ban [video]
breaking audio released: paul ryan caught on tape: “i am not going to defend donald trump…not now, not in the future”
oops! new evidence shows woman who accused roy moore of sexual misconduct worked for hillary campaign…supported his democrat opponent on facebook
trump belittles female veteran, embarrasses himself with totally wrong claim
melania fires back at disgusting liberal librarian who called her gift of books to students “racist”
former democrat who voted for trump rips democrats: ‘they’ve done nothing for us, nothing but promise.’ [video]
kill list of republicans found on body of james hodgkinson…the dem hate-speech is working
donald trump just visited the 9/11 museum and p*ssed everyone off (images/tweets)
trump’s newest foreign policy advisor is one of the dumbest people to ever serve in congress
[video] flashback…martin luther king jr. on riots: “we can’t win a violent revolution”
what’s wrong with this picture? 5 anti-trump activists on magazine cover just made us detest them even more
leftist store owner makes video asking libs to help destroy billboard owner’s business after he removed her hateful trump-hitler advertisement
here’s what companies admit they will really do with money they save from trump’s tax break
not kidding: why government is forcing manhattan landlord to give $3200 a month apartment to immigrant free for life
fox news freefall? bill o’reilly loses kids for allegedly choking wife…trump hater, megyn kelly swims in hollywood cesspool
leftist babysitting service allows parents to riot, protest, bully trump supporters while kids are indoctrinated at home
gary johnson: meet the “creepy” pro-amnesty, anti-gun, pro-tpp, pro-abortion, democrat party operative and his anti-gun rights, friend of clinton’s vp pick [video]
watch: republican who voted to impeach clinton admits trump has done much worse
trump comes back roaring: calls out “alt-left” and “fake news” [video]
hollywood rich and famous shafted by “sick” hillary…left with replacement for mega-bucks fundraisers
watch: van jones epically scolds trump supporters for defending ‘rigged election’ debate talk
palin stuns room by claiming latinos are enticed over border with soccer ball-filled gift baskets
judge jeanine sounds free speech alarm: “they are trying to silence you…it’s time to fight back!” [video]
mexicans, liberal tourists not happy! american spring breakers chant “build that wall!” in cancun, mexico
lol! joe biden flies to serbia…is greeted with massive rally for trump [video]
watch: lindsey graham lays into devin nunes – time to let the grownups handle this
wow! democrats offer tips on how to convince friends christians are more likely to commit acts of terrorism than muslims
black lives matter organizer refuses to meet with obama and race hustlers…calls meeting at white house: “sham…photo-op…sound bite for obama”
reckless: clinton presidency could mean u.s. muslim population would exceed germany’s 4.8 million [video]
the final control: tpp, ttip, tisa global corporate takeover
trump official accidentally leaks plan to steal land from mexico for border wall
co-chair of trump’s voter fraud commission says trump may not have been legitimately elected
michael moore tells fox news the only way he’d get ‘behind’ trump, and it’s hilarious
katy perry, christina aguilera, kim and kanye, justin bieber, anti-american ariana grande and more a-listers fundraise for rich, white democrat presidential candidate
media ignores time that bill clinton fired his fbi director on day before vince foster was found dead
watch: watergate reporter says trump lies and denies facts more than richard nixon ever did
police union threatens 49er’s with boycott: take action against bench-warmer kaepernick’s “inappropriate behavior” or we may choose to “not work at your facilities”
desperate dems? russian bank reports computer hacks designed to make it appear trump had secret relationship with them
watch obama mention himself 119 times during hillary endorsement speech…and then i parted the red sea…lol!
reporter confronts state department over dc visit by al qaeda tied terror group [video]
twitter users post hilarious responses to russia’s ban on gay images of putin
pelosi feeds lies to cbs anchors: claims that comey has ‘spoken out’ on trump’s wiretap claim
lol! leader of “do-nothing senate” mitch mcconnell caught on video whining about president trump’s “excessive expectations” of congress
judiciary member: why was fbi’s case on clinton labelled ‘special’ status? [video]
nbc’s trump-bashing chief white house reporter gets a big dose of karma when embarrassing thing happens as cameras are rolling [video]
(video) breaking environmental laws?! city official harasses man for letting bbq smells leave his property
just in: former dnc chair donna brazile accuses hillary of cheating to win election, laundering money through dnc…drops major bombshell about “cancer” barack obama
sarah palin’s idiocy strikes again, urges us to start ‘condoning racism’
the three things the oregon ‘patriots’ really want that nobody is talking about
three national polls show hillary is now leading trump
lawsuit filed against intelligence agencies for records on russian election tampering
fbi undercover informant on hillary’s 2010 sale of uranium identified
former joe biden secret service agent claims they had to protect women from him…biden “would grope all of our wives and girlfriend’s a**es”
new hampshire republican calls for executing hillary by firing squad
the mindboggling sexist and racist reasons clint eastwood is supporting trump
rachel maddow goes off-script to offer this dire warning about trump’s national security advisor
former npr ceo ditches and switches: how a liberal learned to love the ‘right’ [video]
awesome! watch president trump and leaders inaugurate center for combating extremist ideology [video]
sunday screening: 24 hours after hiroshima (2010)
afghanistan ambassador was delightfully shocked after meeting with president trump: asked 3 important questions obama never did [video]
you won’t believe this! california governor’s desperate move to help elect hillary
if this missouri senate candidate is for real, he’s a real subhuman scumbag
it just got real! gop rep. jim jordan tells judge jeanine key players in anti-trump scam will be subpoenaed [video]
oops! doctor dragged off united airlines flight has dark history [video]
republican senator just had a priest thrown in jail for protesting trumpcare
sick reason historic city with “off the charts” crime rates passes disgusting ordinance putting criminals before cops
iran may release 3 american prisoners/hostages: iran demands 19 prisoners to be released in another lopsided deal
cnn is evil: carol costello fails when benghazi dad flips script on her…#boycottcnn
watch: this video of the gop’s convention horror show should terrify everyone who sees it
wow! former nsa experts report: russians did not hack dnc servers…it was a leak…an inside job by someone with access to dnc’s system
krispy kreme worker refuses to serve cop: ” i don’t do the police”
(video) col. allen west explodes over iran deal during fiery and emotional times square speech
trump’s latest tweet has a glaring mistake that shows how stupid (or psychotic) he is
muslim gitmo prisoners dictate rules: women guards not allowed to transport terrorists [video]
furious fbi agents speak out on clinton email case: “we didn’t search their house. we always search the house.”
watch: fox panel pretends republicans never treated the obama family like sh*t
white supremacist goper’s democratic opponent receives so many death threats that she quits
anti-trump radical taunts trump supporters with isis flag photo and beheading video
wow! suppression of free speech and gun control for 2nd graders upheld by circuit court judge
gop rep’s replacement for obamacare is child abuse
new poll shows trump beats gop candidate in his home state
trump has now banned nine media outlets – a likely tenth predicts misery for him over it
just in: obama campaign secretly paid $972,000 to fund creation of fake trump dossier
trump calls out washington post #fakenews reporter for posting fake pictures of rally hours before it started…posts actual pictures of packed stadium
the view’s whoopi goldberg to co-host: “this is why black people don’t wanna talk to white people” [video]
#austin: fights break out between police and soros commies [video]
lol! democrats to sue over “unprecedented environmental catastrophe” trump wall poses to birds…ignores actual bird blenders pushed by democrats [video]
ferguson flamethrower comes out of hiding: slams fbi director for blaming “ferguson effect” on rise in crime
wow! company that buys aborted baby parts from planned parenthood has website with drop down menu choices like: heart, liver, veins, arteries, lungs, etc.
boom! intel chair asks fbi/nsa directors if russians hacked votes in key states [video]
walmart is selling “made in mexico” apparel featuring domestic terror group [video]
“dead broke’ hillary ties up traffic in nyc for an extravagant appointment
president obama wants you to vote so badly he’s ready to make history to do it
kind woman brings beer to reporter during hurricane report: “have some galveston beer!” [video]
trump’s new comm director puts cnn’s chris cuomo on notice…days of republicans being bullied by leftist media are over [video]
five facts about benghazi that hillary doesn’t want you to know
gop starts openly admitting that they royally screwed themselves over by choosing trump
trump declares nato ‘obsolete,’ wants european union disbanded in frightening interview
wake up america! “seed communities” of muslim refugees are sprouting up all over the u.s.
trump’s flip-flop: now he’s complaining that obama deports too many people
worried about trump losing his own money? $6 billion lost under hillary clinton as secretary of state
gop official drops bombshell during angry debate with lou dobbs over john kelly [video]
chris christie takes his family to closed beach; gives voters giant trump style f*ck you
“comedian” george lopez who said about trump supporters: “there are enough racists in this country to get him elected” goes on vile rant against woman…makes racist comments [video]
unpopular hillary hosts rally in empty charlotte, nc church…tiny room in toledo, oh…pops cough lozenges…stretcher brought backstage [video]
5-star mooch and free-loading granny drop in for lunch in new york on the taxpayer’s dime…
trump crumbles in gop health care meeting, doesn’t even know what trumpcare is
breaking: state department asked fbi to switch clinton ‘classified’ email to ‘unclassified’ for ‘quid pro quo’…intent!
sick! ny attorney general with ties to hillary goes after female 9-11 survivor for trying to change women’s minds on aborting their babies
senate democrats just made huge, in-your-face move on russian hacking scandal
thanks obama: manufacturing jobs hits decade high
lol! obama warns voters donald trump is unvetted, unserious…”this is not a reality show”
wow! dennis miller nails it: “the gop is now chipotle! you’re making your customers sick!” [video]
sunday screening: ‘the clinton chronicles’ (1994)
watch fox news anchor hammer mitch mcconnell: washington stinks!!!
gary johnson is a complete idiot….and here’s why [video]
just in: california school shooting leaves several dead…many wounded [video]
breaking video: trump motorcade blasts through police barricade after angry anti-trump protesters lob projectiles at him
say what? #blacklivesmatter textbooks to be used as part of common core curriculum in grades 6-12 [video]
awesome! pro-trump crowd protests fake news at cnn headquarters [video]
(video) did he just say that?! obama downplays horrific chlorine gas attacks
christian high school told by state they are no longer allowed to pray before games
83 yr old supreme court justice ginsburg gives rare interview to bbc: talks retirement…expresses “hope” in anti-trump protesters[video]
new biography exposes barack obama’s dream of becoming donald trump
ha! what maxine waters says we must give north korea to keep the peace [video]
one of trump’s closest allies just called for banning women and poor people from voting
democrat congresswoman: obama is “working hand-in-hand with islamic extremists…should not be sending troops into harms way” [video]
even trump voters think obama’s economy is doing great
(video) friday night’s hysterical take on the boehner, mcconnell, cruz tussle
iran makes major announcement about how they plan to use billions in “obama-buck$” [video]
you gotta love this: [video] white girl told she’s not allowed to wear dreadlocks to school
students at major university: black students, including inmates should get free tuition, room and board…check out who’s not included
he was so close: we were “obamerica”…we were more tolerant…more guilty…the end of the 1st and 2nd amendments were only a clever campaign away…and then america woke up
why has donald trump abandoned the foreign policy that won him the election?
chilling undercover video exposes discrimination, relationships with judges and arbitrary criteria used to deny gun permits
breaking: fbi didn’t record hillary interview, didn’t make her swear under oath to tell truth
lindsey graham just went rogue, threatened to impeach trump
watergate prosecutor has terrible news for trump regarding comey’s testimony
as trump’s popularity soars abroad…village in india renames itself “trump” [video]
best meltdown of 2016! tucker carlson blasts senior “writer” at newsweek: “was trump in a mental hospital or not?…answer the question!” [video]
president trump: nancy pelosi is helping to eliminate democrat party…”i think she’s incompetent” [video]
hilarious! #blacklivesmatter protest hillary at #dnc: carry “hillary, delete yourself” banner [video]
hypocrite hillary shows at the gay pride parade but takes millions from gay murdering nations [video]
trump explains why he fired james comey, f*cks up and admits he should be impeached
watch: 3 presidents before trump promised to move u.s. embassy to jerusalem
breaking: iran rejected u.s. nuke deal as they’re about to receive over $10 billion in unfrozen assets
former cia director admits guilt of intel agencies out to get trump: “i don’t think i fully thought through the implications”
trump whines about ‘illegal leaks’ about his administration’s wrongdoings and gets creamed
[video] above the law: hillary’s campaign van caught going 92 in a 65 mph zone
“big f*cking deal”: 10 huge things obama did to fix america you never hear about
watch: ebony magazine editor destroy hillary with one embarrassing question
newsweek’s latest cover effortlessly demolishes ‘lazy’ trump, meltdown imminent
boom! it’s payback time for gun-grabbing gov: gop works to strip him of armed protection detail
(video) mine owner hammers epa on toxic spill and makes a dire prediction
yikes! shocking footage of black lives matter protesters being hit by vehicles caught on camera [video]
guess which supreme court justice got caught sleeping during a case
racism accidentally prevents pain killer addiction from hurting black communities
breaking: flag dragging protester who rushed stage at trump rally has ties to isis
disgrace: obama regime caught wasting $25 million us tax dollars on phony climate change in country where citizens are starving [video]
trump insists his mexico trip was successful for the most absurd reason ever
looks like mike pence is gonna go down with the #trumprussia ship
alarming: nsa refuses to release clinton-lynch tarmac transcript with lame excuse
left-wing author blasts democrats for “scandal-mongering”: “rachel maddow’s dots may never connect.” [video]
cia report released: trump maintains dnc leaks had “absolutely no effect on outcome of election”
watch: conservatives don’t punch nazis, they give them credentials to attend cpac
“dirty jobs” host mike rowe absolutely destroys guy who called him a white nationalist
donald trump colorado campaign office is literally run by a kid
checkmate! putin offers up proof of trump’s innocence [video]
trump stranded as longtime pal bails on performing at his inauguration
oops! video shows senator mccain saying he’ll fight to repeal and replace obamacare only 9 months ago: “we have to scrap it entirely and start over”
british musician says if he was given the chance, he’d kill donald trump…blames press for making him president
lake oroville dam spillway damage results in evacuation orders to 188,000 people
flag day 2015: 10 facts to know about the stars and stripes
obama promised no vacations if elected so check out your tab for this big lie [video]
mexicans, liberal tourists not happy! american spring breakers chant “build that wall!” in cancun, mexico
filmmaker dinesh d’souza: eight things i love about america!
breaking: cruz wins big in wisconsin…but can he get 1,237 delegates?
trump supporter threatens to slaughter black people because a guy was mean to him on facebook
watch as msnbc reporter completely humiliates sean spicer over trump’s wiretapping b.s.
bernie sanders shows how to properly handle hecklers as trump goon interrupts his rally
hillary’s vp pick tim kaine: here’s all you need to know about him
[video] bad a*s hungarian mayor tells you everything you need to know about european “refugee” crisis : “police always find knives on the migrants”
trump insists he would still beat hillary in the popular vote even though he lost by a landslide
caught on camera: trump supporter goes rabid against hillary supporters on flight
‘we’re just not into her’ – hillary clinton losing support of millennials
ny daily news mocks ‘bozo’ trump’s iowa caucus defeat with yet another brilliant cover
flashback video shows leftist media members praising use of “nuclear option” to confirm (liberal) supreme court justices
fractivists claim victory against this fracking danger you’ve probably never heard of
walmart will melt class rings with confederate flag: [video] refuses to fulfill order for arkansas woman…will refund payment
bombshell: comey wanted to expose russian meddling months before election…obama regime barred him from telling public [video]
alabama’s homophobic chief justice roy moore kicked off bench for ethics violations
in his own words: stunning unofficial trump ad that will blow you away! [video]
hillary offended by trump’s words…caught on tape threatening women who dared to come forward about bill clinton raping, sexually abusing them
jon stewart returned to crush trump with colbert, and it was spectacular
swedish resident speaks out about decades of muslim immigration: “we all live in the same town, but not in the same world”
foul-mouthed model chrissy teigen blames president trump for mental and physical breakdown…makes hilarious demands of him [video]
while obama vacations and hands out a billion dollar gift to kenyans, iran’s ayatollah tweets picture of barack with gun to his head
trump running scared, cancels press conference as russia investigation heats up
did hillary really think she’d get away with telling big fat lie about obama’s “red line” comment?
“senior u.s. official” releases damaging information on russian involvement in syria gas attack
trump demands investigation into “accidental” death of 28-yr old joe scarborough staffer
truth bomb! paul ryan sets the dems straight on hacking scam: “this is clearly an attempt by democrats to delegitimize trump”…”he won fair and square” [video]
watch trump’s spokesperson not understand the definition of the word ‘literally’
woman publicly disowns her parents after she finds out her mom is a trump troll
belgium’s political leader michaël modrikamen makes powerful video endorsing donald trump…warns against muslim migrant invasion: “america should not become another brussels”
stuck on stupid: nancy pelosi repeats trump ‘has no jobs bill’ 4 times when asked if dems can work with him [video]
racist tx high schoolers spray paint ‘whites only’ near drinking fountain
watch karl rove get called out on the gop establishment’s plan to deny trump at convention [video]
education secretary blocked and harrassed trying to enter d.c. school [video]
black republican and brilliant neurosurgeon announces run for prez: huffington post places story next to story about dog living in tree trunk
#lockhimup former oversight chair jason chaffetz: if comey’s leaked memos contained classified information, he should have handcuffs on and go to jail
wow: did the palins lie about when bristol’s baby was born to cover up the truth?
gop rep. wants a $30k a year housing allowance; twitter rips him a new one
mind-blowing interactive map shows where muslim refugees are coming from and where they’re going
why rush limbaugh thinks gop voters shouldn’t count this “dark horse” presidential candidate out
star wars 2.0: washington’s battle to fund space warfare
nancy pelosi screws up the oath of office while lecturing reporters on the seriousness of her job [video]
mn: why did police “stand down”? grotesque video shows male hillary supporter punching elderly trump supporter several times, other trump supporters spit on, assaulted and robbed
judge who blocked trump’s muslim ban repeatedly dropped the mic on doj lawyer trying to defend it
unacknowledged secret access projects: the black budget & military industrial complex
big fat lie being told by lefty media about trump wanting to register muslims…he never said that!
breaking: leaked dhs memo tells of obama’s plan to defy federal court on amnesty
shameless! hillary clinton throws benghazi families under the bus
breaking: hillary clinton’s deleted e-mails found by fbi on her server
watch hilariously awkward moment between rick perry and al franken: “oh my lord!” [video]
howard dean has a short, sweet and direct message for bernie or busters
caught on camera: multiple attacks against olympic tourists by brazen thugs in broad daylight in rio di janeiro
watch: the top four reasons ted cruz is more dangerous than donald trump
twitter just unleashed on trump after he called americans ‘stupid people’ and ‘fools’
this new game gives you a taste of life under president trump
wow! sarcastic mike barnicle gets an earful from kellyanne conway for saying republicans weren’t “fair” to obama [video]
watch: this irish senator blasts his government for playing nice with fascist trump
trump makes startling admission about his wife and run for the white house
commander in chief approved racism? u.s. military makes shocking disciplinary decision for 16 black west point cadets
netanyahu whines about u.n. resolution, refuses to abide by terms like a true tyrant
new audio tapes reveal trump called his pregnant wife a’blimp’ and a ‘monster’
britain’s david cameron challenges obama on refusal to admit islamic extremist violence is biggest problem we face
chaffetz calls for sessions to resign: “it’s time to go…some deep systemic problems” [video]
boom! watch trump in flint: “now, the cars are made in mexico and you can’t drink the water in flint”
oprah drops mic when asked how she keeps on-set harassment away…wait! wasn’t she buddies with weinstein?
obama fights to keep radical agenda alive: asks crooked ag loretta lynch to find way to challenge supreme court decision that blocked his executive order amnesty scheme
playing politics? here’s why a judge will unseal a clinton search warrant [video]
the existential question of whom to trust
consequences of non-assimilation: swedish school that won “peace prize” for enrolling most migrants is now war zone with barbed wire, check point
hillary set to destroy lives of proud, hard-working, black coal miners to satisfy mostly white environmental activists [video]
trump supporter and rocker ted nugent unloads on leftist hippie david crosby: a “bloated carcass” who “competes with michael moore to see who can go the longest without hygiene”
watch: fox news host dana perino is done defending republicans
people are going to lose it when they discover what trump is doing with dapl
obama races to set gitmo terrorists free…leaves servicemen punished for making “heat-of-the-battle decisions that saved lives” in fort leavenworth
‘self-funded’ no longer – trump now needs those huge, strings-attached donations
new video of united airlines passenger emerges: “i won’t go…you can drag me, i’m not going…i’m staying right here…i tell you…make a lawsuit against united airlines”
afghanistan: trump surges into the graveyard of empires
victorious obama schools gop war-mongers: breakthrough with iran based on ‘smart’ diplomacy
the rockettes are hitting back at being forced to perform for trump; here’s how to help
‘we’re getting hammered’: gop lawmaker feeling pressure over obamacare repeal
michigan’s republican governor just won a major leadership award
breaking: us supreme court upholds u. of tx-austin admissions ability to choose black, hispanic students before white, asian students
anderson cooper rips florida’s attorney general for her anti-lgbt hypocrisy – to her face
wow! democrat dennis kucunich warns: deep state is trying to take down the president – it needs to stop
why democrats keep losing: rep. hakeem jeffries calls trump voters “white supremacists” [video]
obama infuriates gop by proving cubans are not scary communists in this comedy skit
here’s a long list of bernie sanders’ accomplishments
donald trump’s son bashes his father’s campaign: ‘so ridiculous i can’t even watch it’
case regarding cruz’s birthright citizenship reaches supreme court
trump sends out email begging supporters to send him money to defend against his scandals
watch: hilarious video shows reddit user apologizing to “terror organization” cnn after they threatened to “out” him to public
with 15 days remaining in office…obama suddenly takes an interest in chicago crime…discusses commuting crooked politician rod blagojevich [video]
republicans alarmed as wisconsin’s racist voter id law comes under assault
wow! sara huckabee-sanders drops mother of all verbal bombs on media over hypocrisy on comey firing [video]
[video] msnbc analyst at loss to explain: trump runs away with nh vote in every category
breaking: obama commutes 67 prisoners serving life sentences…214 federal prisoners in total
watch: brand-new pro-trump ad features so much a** kissing it will make you sick
donald trump’s seven actions to protect american workers
president obama defends black lives matter movement, calls for unity
you’ll never believe which republican just called ted cruz a “jacka@@”
panera bread ceo 2014: “don’t bring your guns into restaurants”…update: two md sheriffs shot and killed in panera bread restaurant
watch: fox and friends host brian kilmeade immediately makes whoopi regret telling him to “read a book”
#dncwalkout report: over 1000 bernie sanders supporters left #dnc after hillary nomination…#feelthebern #demexit [video]
alt-left vandalizes catholic saint statue: “the statue should come down”
yikes! 46,000 democrats in important blue state switch over to gop…trump effect?
obama attempts to energize zombie democrat base by reminding them he used to hate hillary too
nyt’s race-obsessed liberal columnist goes nuts on cnn when conservative pundit touches his arm [video]
authorities allowed nyc chain migration terrorist to stop interrogation several times to pray after admitting he was triggered by christmas posters
get off our campus! how universities plan to “weed out” conservative professors…only hire liberal educators
nothing new: ‘fake’ & weaponized news has long haunted our war-weary world
whoa! college snowflake freaks out: screams for two minutes over a trump sign on campus
democrat examines trump’s latest twitter meltdown, asks the one question we were all wondering
gop strategist stuns as she calls trump not endorsing republicans a ‘badge of honor’ (video/tweets)
video: the dallas shooting agenda
watch: reince priebus lies through his teeth about trump’s star tweet, and it’s pitiful
president obama to senate gop: seriously guys, do your f*cking jobs already
rep peter king: “intel community carrying out disinformation campaign against trump ” [video]
bill clinton appears bewildered when coal miners boo him in west va: “mrs. clinton’s anti-coal messages are the last thing our suffering town needs at this point” [video]
drain the swamp! republicans not running for re-election in 2018
american medical association demands research in gun violence, calls it a national health crisis
nc civil rights museum tells ‘disrespectful’ trump to go f*ck himself
trump would give ivanka sick and disgusting advice if she were being sexually harassed at work
trump’s ego gets flattened after he claims credit for jobs coming back to united states
trump responds to third-party candidate the only way he knows how
ned ryun on white house leaks: “this is not whistleblowing. this is weaponizing classified info to undermine a duly-elected president” [video]
az ranchers living on us-mexico border destroy nancy pelosi’s claim about trump being “weak” for wanting border wall [video]
mystery surrounds funding for take down of historic confederate monuments…new orleans mayor refuses to tell
man who said there was no recession during the great recession is rumored for top economic post
legal fears push newsweek to delete eichenwald’s articles used to smear sputnik news
starbucks and barnes & noble joining target in saying fu to haters
john oliver finally takes aim at donald trump, destroys him on everything
breaking: mitt romney speaks to reporters following dinner with trump [video]
gop convention in chaos: party bosses admit they’re running out of cash as trump scares sponsors
president obama recites a love poem to the first lady on national television
madeleine albright slams trump for muslim ban, makes stunning suggestion that could save us all
hillary tweets message in defense of daca…oops! 2014 video of hillary emerges saying illegal kids should be sent back
bye bye cowboys! crowd boos as owner jerry jones kneels with team before anthem #boycottnfl [video]
fake news update: newsweek reporter caught lying about trump supporters booing late john glenn tries to cover tracks
obama teams up with stephen colbert for brutal trump diss; trump livid
cranky socialist bernie sanders has a temper tantrum and walks out of interview [video]
¡viva la revolution! as venezuela collapses under socialist rule, dictator maduro endorses fellow socialist bernie sanders
breaking: former fbi director appointed by jeff session’s doj for “russia probe”
oregon militant’s family doesn’t believe he had a gun
vp of trump transition team to dems: ‘put your big boy pants on’ and attend inauguration
bitter hillary just claimed she ‘beat’ trump: nigel evans has a message for her! this is a must-watch video!
trump’s disastrously-misspelled terrorist attack list earns him a smackdown from the dictionary
the academy just showed the gop how diversity is done, changed the rules for oscar voting
a defensive john kerry asks that israel move its borders back to 1967 [video]
ann coulter goes full racist, calls asian americans ‘mandarins’ and insists it’s o.k.
cnn hammers kellyanne conway for lying about them as network considers permanent ban
classic! unhinged liberal loses it…screams “nooo!” as soon as trump is sworn in [video]
the rnc has made itself the de facto judge and jury of america
biden gears up for presidential bid as “somebody very high in the food chain” works behind the scenes to take down hillary
obama criticizes trump for comments about illegals and muslim refugees…but what about this video of obama’s top 5 most violent quotes about american citizens?
warning: feds predict $30 trillion dollar debt because of these two key things
environmental terrorists videotape themselves carving a quote into trump golf course green…the liberal media calls it “a daring act of defiance” [video]
communist george soros says trump will win popular vote in landslide, but hillary wins presidency…huh? [video]
breaking: trump tax documents leaked and they’re stunningly incriminating
fox news shamefully tries to pass off obama’s economic achievements as trump’s and gets pounded for it
first grade teacher reads transgender book to students about how a boy came to the realization he was really a girl
champion of foreign workers: hillary gets standing ovation in india…”there’s no way to legislate against outsourcing” [video]
vigilante pirates intercede where government fails: prevent refugees from reaching sweden’s shores
grandma will have to pay more than $20k a year for insurance under gop bill
is hillary’s campaign in yuge trouble? shocking statistics show number of votes in 2016 way down from election she lost in 2008
watch tucker carlson scorch sanctuary city mayor: “don’t you believe in laws?” [video]
this tweet perfectly connects #alllivesmatter and zimmerman gun auction
trump attacks union leader who called him out for ‘lying his ass off’
lol! sarah sanders mocks cnn’s april ryan…sends hilarious tweets to verify authenticity of her homemade pecan pies
ground zero mosque was not defeated: three story islamic museum and muslim prayer space will take its place [video]
message for progressive left: ‘if you want to see real nazis, come to ukraine’
high school principal confiscates yearbooks from students after discovering senior used favorite trump quote in profile
fbi investigating russian connections to far-right websites including breitbart, infowars, etc.
fidel castro: patrick henningsen discusses his legacy and cuba’s future path
undercutting the nation state? chicago group suggests ‘global cities’ should run world affairs
watch darrel issa get booed after being a total d*ck to a constituent
breaking: dallas sniper suspect reportedly telling police “there are bombs all over the place…the end is coming”
watch: racist trump supporter who called michelle obama a ‘gorilla’ gets booted off school board
mexico’s ex-president mercilessly trolls trump for his ‘i’ll bring our jobs back’ mantra
flashback: president-elect donald trump sings the green acres theme song…what a good sport! [video]
obama throws hillary under the bus: e-mail scandal just got real with this devastating blow
violent sheriff who threatened federal prosecutor wants gun back because he’s scared
things get ugly when frustrated trump supporter confronts cruz over winning delegates when no votes were cast [video]
bombshell: u.s.defense secretary admits obama regime led iran to u.s. navy boats [video]
no kidding! here’s why hillary supporters will get us all killed [video]
fox ceo desperately begs donald trump’s wife and daughter to get him back in debate
early voting in north carolina shows great news for democrats
trump caught paying women working on his campaign much less than men
boom! donald trump hammers bernie sanders with this one question
msnbc “equal rights” lawyer: trump women “have smaller minds than his small hands” [video]
lol! democrats express concerns over possible cheating by democrats in dnc chair vote
gop senate candidate turns out to be a disgusting child molester
heiress to disney empire knows gop scammed us – shreds them for tax bill
top democrat: i will make comey answer for trump’s wiretapping allegations
crosstalk: wikileaks vault 7 with guests patrick henningsen, larry johnson, suzanne nossel
watch: ted cruz refuses to endorse trump, gop convention boos him like crazy
paranoid or smart? what facebook’s ceo does to his computer that’ll have you questioning your privacy
donald trump congratulates himself on winning election and asks for donations while puerto ricans beg for help
“prophecy” propaganda: zionist millennialism refuted
cnn just torpedoed donald trump with facts to prove he lied about them again
trump just called americans his ‘enemies’ in his new years tweet and twitter ripped his face off
no shame! msnbc anchor attacks critically injured steve scalise who can’t defend himself [video]
just in: wapo reporter who broke news on judge roy moore story has a criminal history of “faking”
#charlottesville’s vice-mayor disrespects trump…here’s why he refuses to call him president trump [video]
adele breaks “best album” grammy award in half on stage…gives embarrassing “white guilt” apology speech to “more deserving” beyoncé…”the way you make my black friends feel” [video]
trump’s new comm director puts cnn’s chris cuomo on notice…days of republicans being bullied by leftist media are over [video]
breaking: north korea can now fit missiles with nuclear warheads…thanks obama
watch ‘donald trump’ hilariously push cruz to booze on the tonight show
trump-backed golfer makes it to the masters: “why are you folding shirts and giving lessons?
george soros will dump $500 million into obama’s plan to flood america with muslim refugees vetted by un
watch: ted cruz humiliated for blatantly lying during gop debate
jimmy fallon destroys trump university in hilarious ‘pros and cons’ segment
boom! first antifa coward arrested for not removing his mask…berkeley cops not standing down at free-speech rally [video]
pocahontas warren wants gop’s scalp…tells crowd she’d like to “cut open republicans” [video]
full interview: donald trump gets down to business on 60 minutes
long time democrats, union workers explain why they’re voting for trump [video]
donald trump ‘shocked’ a group of women have heard of one of the most famous women in history
whoa! brand new poll finds trump taking yuge lead over crooked hillary
consequences of open borders: 15 heavily armed men break into texas border home with 9 yr old boy and open fire
brilliant: [video] sheriff clarke explains how #blackliesmatter is bastard child of #handsupdontshoot lie
#freechrischristie: twitter reacts to the ‘hostage situation’ at trump’s speech
trump promises to destroy the usa during interview with lester holt
team clinton member bill gates pushed for unlimited guest worker permits last week…this week slashes 18,000 jobs
first female muslim legislator votes to make life insurance companies do the unthinkable for dead terrorists [video]
watch this cbs host utterly demolish ted cruz for being racist
priceless! anti-trump rioter throws tantrum when arrested: “i want…i want…i want!” [video]
whoa! flashback video of andrew breitbart: “what’s in your closet john podesta?”
just in! surprise guest shows up at nationals park to watch gop congressional baseball game for charity [video]
irs exec lois lerner demands secrecy in law suit…claims death threats over tea party targeting [video]
finally! fed up princeton students fight back against black lives matter terrorists’ demands
remember 24/7 media coverage of bush’s “hurricane katrina”? louisiana hit with historic flooding…caskets floating…obama declares state of emergency…goes golfing!
donald trump is staring down a criminal investigation for buying endorsements
huh? germans bombed pearl harbor? congressman up for dnc chair needs a history lesson! [video]
anthony weiner’s alleged teenaged victim is p*ssed – at comey
watch dinesh d’souza totally embarrass liberal caller on c-span: “first of all…” [video]
you can add insider trading to the list of hillary’s crimes [video]
snl perfectly skewers trump and his band of malicious merry morons
frightening observations by a 75 year old american…all of a sudden america’s becoming an islamic state
trump goes ballistic as white house correspondents dinner continues without him
ted cruz tells megyn kelly he would force rape victims to carry rapist’s baby
hillary’s top aide is about to see her husband’s scandalous life played out on big screen: “weiner” debuts in may [watch trailer]
open borders advocate nancy pelosi gives gibberish laden reason for opposing border wall: “you have to understand this part of the country” [video]
boiler room – ep #53 – say bye bye to culture
mitch mcconnell trashes trump: it’s ‘obvious’ he ‘doesn’t know a lot about the issues’
how the gop became the party of white supremacists under donald trump
long lost footage of bernie being arrested at civil rights protest in 1963 silences his critics
seth macfarlane just told johnson and stein supporters exactly what they need to hear
gop rep. makes impossibly asinine demand of fbi, proving how desperate gop is to nab hillary
kkk leader who killed a black child with an arrow thinks ‘finding’ god gets him early prison release
msnbc anchor repeatedly asks guests if trump is ‘trying to provoke a domestic terrorist attack’
watch snl hilariously mock ted cruz over iowa ‘win’
col. ralph peters on obama’s refusal to live in reality: “he’s chasing unicorns!”
trump jr. forced to admit to meeting with shady russian lawyer during 2016 campaign
watch: chuck todd blisters rnc chair over trump’s tax return refusal
armed us immigration officers to be stationed in uk airports
‘stranger things’ – hollywood mk ultra goes full occult
pope shames americans from mexico for anti-immigrant sentiment…doesn’t mention $billions taxpayers give faith based charities to bring muslim immigrants to u.s.
think trump wants to keep your job at home? think again — he’s been profiting off your loss
trump goes mental on threats to north korea, this is his most dangerous one yet
trump fans are asked about ‘p*ssy grabbing’ remarks and it gets really bad
the benghazi liars are back: susan rice and adam schiff are once again caught in another huge scandal…only this time their target is president trump [video]
hawaii attorney general humiliates jeff sessions for whining about judge on ‘island in the pacific’
wow! state department lies again about the big lie that the benghazi attack was caused by a video
not so funny guy, will ferrell throws his support behind cankles…
senate passes usa freedom act
unreal! senior veteran randomly attacked repeatedly by thug as onlookers did nothing [video]
kid rock has a new line of trump apparel…and you’re gonna love it: “make america badass again”
meryl streep just hammered trump in heartbreaking human rights speech
not obama’s doj: feds going after huma abedin’s corrupt family member with ties to clinton foundation
watch: general bombards trump for the ‘most anti-american statement ever made by a president’
lunatic msnbc reporter: “a paper trail leads directly back to mike pence—pence knew michael flynn was a foreign agent”
wow! christian author gives unexpected and brilliant answer to muslim law student who claims she’s worried, “we portray islam and all muslims as bad” [video]
the view’s loudmouth liberal joy behar calls bill clinton’s rape victims “tramps” on show targeted to women [video]
former director of national intelligence says russia interference casts doubt on trump’s win
the pope gets visibly angry and scolds man, but for all the right reasons
watch: fox news gets owned by police chief for demonizing immigrants in minnesota
watch this brutal new ad featuring trump mocking disabled person – will air in swing states
brief overview: us military sales to lebanon
trump staffers admit their boss has no idea what daca is
new york gov cuomo thinks he’s the boss of you: bans travel to mississippi!
fox news host jesse watters takes ‘vacation’ after disgusting comments about ivanka trump
watch: teacher caught on video calling trump t-shirts “swastika”…demands students turn them inside out
watch: abusive, trump-hating student may be facing jail time, after stealing trump hat off student’s head and demanding college officials prevent him from wearing it on campus
dirty cop who leaked charges against former trump campaign manager to cnn from sealed grand jury information is revealed
ramadan abdullah set free on bail after police make shocking discovery of weapons in storage locker destined for secretive islamic compound in upstate ny
poll: negative view of supreme court hits nine-year high
kerry’s lunacy: ‘us would be justified shooting down unarmed russian jets’
wow! governor kasich just revealed how he did his part to make hillary clinton our next president
trump admits ‘2017 will be the worst year yet,’ then blames obama
intel whistleblower: trump was likely spied on for some time…too easy for americans to be spied on [video]
john mccain just savaged trump on twitter
reince priebus channels putin; threatens ethics chief to watch his back
president trump weighs executive order on welfare reform: if you’re an able bodied american who wants a paycheck…find a job
france rejects far-right fascist in landslide victory for democracy
this awesome book tells us everything we’ll ever need to know about ‘respecting’ trump
is the washington post waging a ‘media war’ on president trump?
ron paul: ‘i can’t support trump if he’s gop pick’ and ‘neocons will love hillary’
republican turns tables on fbi: deputy director on the hot seat now
‘the most deranged electoral sh*t show in a generation’: samantha bee destroys the gop race
furious fbi agents speak out on clinton email case: “we didn’t search their house. we always search the house.”
van jones and cnn’s don lemon on obama’s “i’m fearless” racist speech at charleston pastor’s funeral: “once you’re fearless, once you don’t give a damn…no one can stop you” [video]
hillary completely blew away this woman who receives terrifying hate from the alt-right
muslims criticize new state law that permanently bans sharia law
trump backs conspiracy theory that says hillary clinton murdered vince foster
target stores to remove gender labels from kids departments
more transparency: clinton’s refuse to release hillary’s health records
hilarious! trump supporter uses berkeley riot to brilliantly mock pepsi’s “protesting is fun” ad campaign
obama’s america: incoming u.s. citizens no longer required to pledge they will “bear arms on behalf of the united states”
here’s the gop debate in a nutshell, and it’s an absolute clusterf*ck
texas congressman lets screaming leftist agitator have it: “you sir, shut up!” [video]
joe biden’s shocking announcement: “what the hell, man?” [video]
“dead broke” clintons hanging at 21 club in nyc sipping pricey bubbly
black pastor calls out pandering hillary on phony outreach to black community [video]
#lawsmatter: judge serves activist lawyer big dose of justice after refusing to remove black lives matter pin in court [video]
all of roy moore’s former colleagues knew he liked ‘dating’ teenage girls
pelosi claims congressman who shows up for meetings in his underwear is an ‘icon’ [video]
msnbc anchor embarrasses gop rep, schools him on the constitution
must-see: protester hurls tomatoes at donald trump during iowa rally
bill o’reilly embarrasses megyn kelly…publishes letters she wrote thanking him for being a “dear friend” and for “years” of support after she bashed him on her flailing nbc morning show [video]
expect more ‘terror busts’ as fbi steps up its use of “isis stings”
another nail in dem party’s coffin: trump opens line to help victims of crimes by illegal aliens…left mocks victims…shuts down line
brave fiancé of victim asks blm to protest “in a peaceful way” after accused st. louis cop found not guilty in death of man fleeing from cops…leftist agitators, media stir the pot anyhow, increasing tensions [video]
fbi arrest cliven bundy at portland airport – charged with federal conspiracy
former classmate: trump smacked his son so hard it knocked ‘him to the floor’
watch hillary clinton squirm when voter asks about e-mails, benghazi, whitewater [video]
watch: president obama dares republicans to support gun control to prove they care about cop safety
wow! reckless hillary’s senior aide left classified documents unattended in hotel room during 2010 china trip
trump humiliated, gets booed after telling construction workers they voted for him
rush limbaugh: here’s why george and laura bush didn’t vote for trump today…it’s sickening!
alabama’s only gay rep just dropped a devastating truth bomb on the bathroom bigots
not-impartial debate moderator martha raddatz sat on whistleblower story that could’ve ended obama’s chances in 2008 [video]
double standard? white mlb player suspended for criticizing #blacklivesmatter…nfl ignores black player’s instagram post of cop’s neck being slit
espn host calls cops “slave patrol” and rips nfl for not signing qb colin kaepernick
sunday screening: ‘in debt we trust’ (2007)
cnn asks if brutal child rape case will affect hillary’s political ambitions: victim says hillary clinton ‘lied like a dog’ in my case [video]
lol! chuckie schumer warns trump is “in trouble” for accusing obama of wiretapping trump towers…what schumer says next is hilarious!
az ranchers living on us-mexico border destroy nancy pelosi’s claim about trump being “weak” for wanting border wall [video]
trump still isn’t convinced russia interfered in our election despite all the evidence
donald trump tries to spin ‘second amendment’ threat and gets destroyed on twitter
trey gowdy on peter strzok bias against trump: “i wanna know how the hell he got there”
trump claims he inherited all the problems he caused from obama and gets lit up by twitter
[video] obama takes advantage of opportunity to speak in front of communists in panama about racist america: ‘there are dark chapters in our own history’
throwback: how socialist bernie sanders used other people’s money to pay family members over $150k
dopey santas, mcafee hacked, silicon valley vs. acr – boiler room ep #141
trevor noah tears ben carson apart for attacking president obama
watch: trump campaign manager blames women for rape
watch trey gowdy crush the lying media during benghazi report press conference [video]
watch: chomsky explains why the gop is the ‘most dangerous organization in human history’
when diversity trumps all: bishop of london suggests vicars should reach out to muslims by making this major change in their appearance
where’s the media? blm blocked streets, stormed football field over black man who sprayed “kkk go home n***ers” on campus wall
“white student union” forms facebook page to organize against #blacklivesmatter terrorists on campus…university asks facebook to remove “offensive” page
white washed? trump claims classified jfk files will be released, reigniting conspiracy suspicions
watch: harvard students caught on tape saying white people should kill themselves for having “white privilege”
watch first lady donate inaugural ball gown to smithsonian [video]
trump slapped with lawsuit for refusing to release white house visitor logs
trump goes ‘home’ to trump tower after racism condemnation, immediately retweets alt-right leader
viewers are demanding shepard smith be fired after fox news’ leftist host, shepard smith, pulled unbelievable propaganda stunt last night [video]
there’s a bill in the house that would completely shut down the russia investigation
cher just went nuclear on trump in incredible twitter rant
dem. senator promises to filibuster gorsuch because of trump’s ‘looming’ impeachment
twitter erupts with glee over #cruzsexscandal rumors
trump spoke with putin about election interference, it’s just as bad as you’d expect
huma spills the beans on hillary’s efforts to burn public records
trump won’t give sean spicer the boot because ‘that guy gets great ratings’
watch: fox host declares gop trumpcare failure a victory for president obama
‘morning joe’ panel says nikki haley “embarrassed” the u.s. at the un…embarrassed? we think not! [video]
why mike bloomberg running for president will bring us president trump
hysterical! here’s hillary yelling it out on the campaign trail
mark levin outlines evidence of spying by obama on trump: “the evidence is overwhelming!” [video]
cop awarded $230,000 after kicking an unarmed black man in the head
watch democrats repeat exact same phrase on fake trump/russian story [video]
disrespectful dems exposed! you’ll never guess who also boycotted george w. bush’s inauguration [video]
ann coulter gets eaten alive by gop strategist, and it’s wildly entertaining
did iran release this footage of captured u.s. sailor apologizing to humiliate america?
bet actress lays the smack down on obama-hating fox news pundit stacey dash
the pope just called most american employers (and donald trump) ‘bloodsuckers’
defiant national park service staff goes rogue: mounts anti-trump twitter campaign
sean hannity loses his sh*t after getting his ass handed to him by new york times writers
watch: cnn host gets schooled by guest after comparing oregon protesters to #blacklivesmatter terrorists
actor tim allen: hillary isn’t capable of being funny…bill clinton creepily checked out his wife when they met [video]
end of the globalist era? bush and romney families make big announcement on 2016 election
oink, oink! 2015 pig book shows lawmakers appropriating gluttonous spending
trump administration gets ready to come after cannabis
halloween horror: mom dresses her son up as hillary clinton: “our 8-year-old son is with you”
breaking: clinton cleared…was this a coordinated last minute trick to energize hillary’s base?
crooked democrat congresswoman corrine brown found guilty of stealing scholarship money from children…blames racism for verdict
dopey santas, mcafee hacked, silicon valley vs. acr – boiler room ep #141
donald trump’s hollywood walk of fame star defaced with brilliantly appropriate symbol
macy’s celebrates america’s independence by putting illegal aliens first
alec baldwin trolls trump with offer to perform at his inauguration and it’s amazing
dnc will spend $60 million to coronate crooked hillary…says it’s nobody’s business where money is coming from
military leaders speak up: iran deal makes war more likely
three theories on why fbi’s comey reopened clinton email probe…why now?
hillary has big lead over trump in latest national poll
why ford’s dark secret may come back to haunt them over owner’s support of nfl protests
bundy terrorist dragged his little girls out of school to serve as human shields in oregon standoff
if your biological plumbing doesn’t match sign on door you’ll have to use another bathroom if this bill passes
brilliant! daniel hannan warns america: “honor the genius of the founding fathers”[video]
delusional hillary calls her email scandal the “biggest nothing-burger ever”…”they covered it like it was pearl harbor” [video]
classless michelle obama hits trump with outright lie in interview with oprah [video]
report exposes how trump dodged $20 million in taxes
watch: ny firefighters hold touching flag removal ceremony after commissioner orders all u.s. flags to be removed from fire trucks for insane reason [video]
the list of 34 house republicans demanding permanent amnesty for obama’s daca “kids”
watch tina fey’s triumphant return to snl as crazy sarah palin endorsing trump
bezos-owned washington post running pr for bezos-owned amazon ‘hq2’
trump humiliates chris christie to his face: ‘i hated to do that, but i had to make my point’
27 year old refugee says he hates sweden, only reason he’s there is to f**k swedish girls
wow! remember when media said trump mocked disabled reporter? here’s proof they lied! [video]
store owner bashes liberal obamaites as he shuts his doors and moves
this is rich! commie nyc mayor unleashes class war on scott walker from swanky private club
workers at ivanka trump’s clothing factory claim extremely low wages, abuse
encryption truth: what the fbi aren’t telling you about their battle with apple and san bernardino
fox news fires longtime executive for making racist remarks to black employees
scientists planning a march on washington to protest trump
gotcha! clinton charity “misfiled” millions in taxes and will refile tax returns
18 republican senators (traitors) joined every democrat to pass a one o’ clock am vote giving obama a blank check
intel whistleblower: trump was likely spied on for some time…too easy for americans to be spied on [video]
rachel maddow just exposed trump’s racism in a way no one else has before
ted cruz threatens voters: ‘every vote for donald trump is a vote for hillary clinton’
anti-hillary halloween house gets violent threats you won’t believe…this woman is so brave! [video]
watch morning joe’s mika destroy paul ryan for endorsing trump: ‘he sold out’
obama’s organized race war exposed as protestors reveal proof of payment
espn’s jemele hill makes shocking admission about her suspension for calling trump a ‘white supremacist’
king obama threatens congress to not mess with iran deal: will congress have will to pull white flag from obama’s hands? [video]
apparently trump’s administration hasn’t heard of f*cking lojack
breaking! #demexit bernie sanders leaves democrat party!
breaking: isis supporters threaten armed bikers “freedom of speech” rally…’we promise we will drink ur blood’ [video]
breaking! h.r. mcmaster explains why washington post hit piece on trump was fake news [video]
conservative indiana governor’s stupid response to lgbt question gets him in big trouble
you won’t believe who paid for the anti-trump sky ads at the rose bowl
watch: ny firefighters hold touching flag removal ceremony after commissioner orders all u.s. flags to be removed from fire trucks for insane reason [video]
muslim illegal alien claims sex with dead girl is not a crime…lawyers fight to have charges dropped
ron paul sums up obama’s #fakepresidency in one brutal facebook post
watch! anti-trump hag gets kicked off flight after threatening trump supporter…passengers clap! [video]
teen vogue writer gets threatened by sexist trump supporters and publicly humiliates them
must watch! new video emerges of hillary leaving nyc after finally losing the election for the last time
watch: joe scarborough gets mocked for comparing ivanka to rfk, he doesn’t respond well at all
watch: senator rand paul calls for investigation…blasts high-ranking obama officials who may have colluded to prevent trump’s election…”could be worse than watergate”
trump lashes out at george will for leaving the gop, will’s response guts him
steve bannon just made a big announcement about what he’ll be doing after leaving the white house…and it’s very bad news for the left
bill o’reilly destroys liberal pundit on trump coverage [video]
watch: tom hanks uses this perfect analogy to wreck trump
mark levin destroys joe scarborough…defends trump in epic rant [video]
school employee calls for killing lgbtq people at pride festival
listen to this former doj whistleblower
london’s new muslim mayor threatens trump: allow muslims into u.s. or they will attack america
how colleges punish high achievers: check “african american” on sat test, add 230 points…check “asian,” deduct 50 points
judge jeanine rips democrats: what have democrats done for minorities? [video]
former attorney general: why obama is guilty of real hillary obstruction [video]
just in: documents reveal hillary clinton “struck a deal” to keep records private
this bible study leader’s crimes against a 14-year-old girl will make your skin crawl
what sign language is this? man causes a stir on social media during gov. scott’s florida presser on #hurricaneirma [video]
watch obama call donald trump out on his bullsh*t shenanigans back in 2005
obama’s farewell: fake tears resurface for first time since gun control speech…[video]
watch: nj man may face jail for flying donald trump flag in front of his home
watch the weird ad george w. bush made for his little brother jeb
“good-bye sweden”: how muslim violence…porous borders and horrible health care drove swedish blogger to u.s.a.
breaking: the french vote for more mass muslim immigration from the third world….rip france #frenchelection2017
tonight’s first presidential debate: what time? where to watch…and more inside scoop
not so funny guy, will ferrell throws his support behind cankles…
watch: robin williams calls out hypocrisy of audience during his politically incorrect comedy act about muslims, jihad and the quran
flint residents told to pay bills for poison water or they may have their children taken away
trump exposed as a speed tweaker: suddenly his megalomania makes a little more sense
ma high school student waves staple gun…school goes on lockdown…police swarm building with assault rifles
watch: texas lt. gov. goes full racist, blames black lives matter for dallas shooting
boy scouts forced to apologize on trump’s behalf
teen vogue publishes article to teach teen girls how to have anal sex: “anal 101, for teens, beginners”
sunday screening: overpill (2017)
boiler room #95 – weapons of mass penetration
obama’s open borders crisis just got real…who warns of “explosive spread” of dangerous virus [video]
republican lawmaker grabs woman by the genitals, tells her this is trump’s ‘new world’
law & order: svu to air episode based on donald trump child sex abuse case
michelle obama: research proves we can lift economy by educating girls
chaffetz says screw congress, might leave before his term is up
hillary’s campaign manager stammers when asked why using trump’s stolen tax returns are okay, but wikileaks emails aren’t [video]
sarah palin gleefully counts bodies after moab strike and gets ripped apart by twitter
why was mandalay bay security guard caught by border agents crossing into us from mexico only days after massacre?
sarah palin hopes this dead boar will convince you to vote for trump
trump has big plans for sarah palin, and it’s really, really terrifying
revealed: the establishment’s scheme to take down trump
hillary tweets message in defense of daca…oops! 2014 video of hillary emerges saying illegal kids should be sent back
obama literally laughs at claims that brexit means trump will win election
rachel maddow reveals her secret to successfully covering trump
watch: colin kaepernick’s worst nightmare [video]
watch: dumb*ss trump supporters bewilder cnn host with delusions of illegal voters
heated! maria bartiromo goes at it with john podesta on russia probe “get your facts straight!” [video]
‘grow the f*ck up!’: trump gets taken to the woodshed after calling for a government shutdown
“g#d d*mn america”: disturbing photos illustrate obama’s “diplomacy” failure in iran
heated! tucker carlson totally shuts down radical liberal fox news analyst who’s running for dnc chair [video]
breaking: iran publicly humiliates obama…unveils second underground missile capable of carrying nuclear warhead
reporter shocks hillary by showing up: watch the change from unsteady to alert [video]
breaking: dnc hacker fired for bank fraud…blames islamophobia and “ultra right-wing media”
former trump adviser annhilihates his own ‘fake news’ argument with a single tweet
fl pastor targets neighbor with nazi flag display over boating laws
is tim allen’s “last man standing” about to be revived after “passionate” conservatives express outrage over abc’s decision to cancel show?
snarky hillary aide embarrassed by inconvenient “fact” about judge who’s forcing hillary to testify under oath [video]
how republican leaders are willing to sacrifice white house to stop trump
this tennessee gop rep’s answer to orlando is exactly what’s wrong with the u.s.
u.s. inauguration: historic day marks beginning of renewed ‘america first’ era
here’s why the nevada caucus results should be overturned
game over snowflakes! trump channels reagan…threatens violent berkeley college rioters…compare to reagan’s no nonsense response to berkeley rioters in 1966 [video]
why donald trump will be the next president…what the media doesn’t want you to see [video]
year in review: 2017 top ten conspiracies
breaking: rubio wins gop senate nomination in fl…did trump’s endorsement help him win?
watch: trump screams at the top of his lungs about hillary talking too loudly
another gop rep won’t support trump: ‘i don’t see how i get there anymore’
veteran rips into obama and democrats for their failures and lies [video]
this cruz supporter wins the award for craziest gop voter of the year
colbert debut on emmy awards panned for glaring anti-trump ‘overkill’…proves donald trump lives rent-free in hollywood’s head
watch karl rove get proven wrong about his virginia prediction in less than five seconds
bill maher lets us know the ’25 things’ we have yet to learn about trump
new email leaks show how colin powell really felt about “friend” hillary: “greedy, not transformational…with a husband who’s still d#*king bimbos at home”
boom! these new poll numbers show clown news network failed to destroy trump
racist oprah makes same mistake…twice
trump’s campaign majorly f*cks up by accidentally emailing its anti-clinton strategy to a journalist
maria bartiromo gets into heated interview with dnc chair tom perez: “your party has been hijacked by the extreme left!” [video]
college professor’s severed trump head painting displayed in art gallery at largest public university in alaska: “after trump was elected, i spent days just weeping”
adele breaks “best album” grammy award in half on stage…gives embarrassing “white guilt” apology speech to “more deserving” beyoncé…”the way you make my black friends feel” [video]
disgraceful! senator john mccain swipes at trump…slams his leadership ability
unearthed 2012 trump interview shows a complete 180 on immigration policy
busted: the oh so objective abc news chief anchor, george stephanopoulous made huge donation to clinton foundation
gop cut funds for veterans and mental health and now we have a veteran suicide epidemic
catherine engelbrecht: “an attack on one right is an attack on all our rights…so i fight!” [video]
did bill clinton fall asleep during hillary’s acceptance speech? [video]
report: scalia’s death was as natural as the love between two men
classic trump! president trump announces where he’ll be on eve of white house correspondents dinner…check mate!
gag! hollywood latinos gush over hillary in nevada race against sanders: “i’d like to netflix and chill with her”
seth meyers takes aim at gop voter suppression tactics
money grubbing clinton grifter demands $65,000 for appearance after university turned down hillary’s fee of $275,000
grifter hillary clinton was paid for speeches given to government contractors…no ethics!
hunger games’ effie trinket? clinton cackles her way through testimony [video]
racist conservatives wish sasha obama a happy 15th birthday: ‘hope u get raped’
author of children’s books brags about giving $1 million to baby body parts harvester
busted! fbi hid clinton-lynch tarmac meeting documents…delay turning over
racists lose their minds after mexican-american teen sings national anthem at dem debate
active shooter or drill? the cascade mall shooting
wedding crashers: hillary tries to explain why she and bill attended trump wedding and proves they are first class grifters
“nutty” nancy pelosi refers to president trump as “president bush” for the second time since inauguration [video]
obama shows trump what a classy father’s day message looks like after trump’s twitter meltdown
trump destroys nbc anchor on clinton/lewinsky scandal: it was not ‘alleged’… you don’t have to use the word ‘alleged’ [video]
watch: msnbc’s hate-filled liberal host chris matthews makes joke about president trump assassinating his son-in-law…no media outrage
donald trump jr. says bragging about sexual assault is just ‘a fact of life’
report: why hillary wont’ accept obama and valerie jarrett’s invitation for post-inaugural gathering to “lay groundwork for the offensive against trump”
oops: trump’s ‘voter fraud’ panel backfires on him, wants to investigate russian meddling in 2016 election
newly leaked executive order will turn a frightening number of christian ‘morals’ into law
boiler room ep #113 – ‘cnn is isis’
bam! liberal thug tossed from trump rally…crowd goes nuts! [video]
“this is a big deal!” obama lied about isis progress in the middle east
watch tucker carlson’s heated debate with delusional illegal activist: “i am here illegally . . . but i, as a person, am not illegal.” [video]
this state is honoring obama and sending a middle finger to trump at the same time – you can bet he’ll be fuming
racist liberal reporter arrested in connection with 8 jewish community center bomb threats…blames “nasty/racist white girl” [video]
watch: gop governor gets mic shut off, kicked off of interview by morning joe co-host
late night host goes low in anti-trump rant with ‘homophobic’ slur [video]
bingo! judge napolitano: new emails found on weiner’s computer will lead to clinton indictment [video]
new documents: hillary and state department aides ignored important “mandatory” training
disrespectful dems exposed! you’ll never guess who also boycotted george w. bush’s inauguration [video]
latino celebrities release an open letter explaining how screwed the republican party is
detroit: bikers show up in big numbers to defend kid rock against leftist protesters [video]
civil rights icon drops mic on incoming trump presidency; trump sure to attack
republicans despondent after final benghazi report finds no evidence hillary clinton wrongdoing
trump’s lawyers say encouraging reasonable force against protestors is 1st amendment right
if hillary and bernie are counting on the cuban vote…they’re making a big mistake…here’s why…
this is okay? loudmouth entertainer who got milo kicked off twitter: “if i see another 45-year-old white woman from williamsburg saying ‘black lives matter,’ i’m going to punch you in the mouth”
wow! watch side by side comparison of hillary’s lies next to fbi director’s report on email scandal [video]
russia tells sore loser obama to produce some proof [russian hacking of emails] or stop talking about it!…trump tweets brilliant response
cnn hack attempts “gotcha” moment with trump…immediately regrets it [video]
politico downgrades america: declares germany’s “open-borders” angela merkel “leader of the free world” in anti-american headline
just in: documents reveal hillary clinton “struck a deal” to keep records private
democrats spend big on this ad to expose trump’s cold, dark heart
easily duped: trump surpasses bush, falling for ‘chemical weapons’ theatrics
trump responds to berlin truck attack with dangerously reckless anti-muslim comment
these 4 trump university secrets will give democrats the ammo to destroy trump in november
despite being warned, trump immediately gives saudi hosts an insulting ‘middle finger’ gesture
valerie jarrett claims obama’s presidency was “scandal-free”…here’s a list of obama’s top scandals that prove she’s lying [video]
watch: intolerant gay coffee shop owner screams profanities at christian pro-life group, kicks them out of business: “i’m gay. you have to leave”
oh look! new yorkers don’t hate trump as much as media says they do…trump gets surprising reaction from diners in ny restaurant [video]
dick durbin clashes with pelosi: you can only be a dem if you support abortion [video]
how trump responded when 200 gulf war marines were stranded and needed a ride home
bail denied: convicted muslim rapist refuses mandatory sex offender course because it “conflicts with [his] islamic faith”
watch: snowflakes asked communist party platform or democratic party platform? [video]
oops! notable black harvard economist finds blacks are less likely to be shot by cops than other races: “the most surprising result of my career”
calm down! democrats are going to stomp trump into the ground
clinton mega-charity: “slush fund for the clinton’s” took in $140 million… gave pittance in direct aid
hilarious! watch what happens when campus cops try to kick “students for trump” off campus for building trump wall [video]
bronx hospital shooting: multiple people shot, staff ‘sheltered in place’ amid backdrop of active shooter drills
sarah huckabee sanders shredded by l.a. times for truth-twisting – this is brilliant
new data released: obama admin “accidentally collected info” on americans during election
breaking: schizophrenic commander in chief sends 10 more warshipsto defend against nuclear iran while working to cut a lopsided deal with them
(video)ice protecting obama: won’t release names of criminal illegals released into america
shooting reported at capitol; gunman in custody
top ten most “ethically challenged” clinton e-mails
watch: joy reid warns that trump is going to cause terrorist attacks around the world
wow! ted cruz blasts cnbc anchor over ridiculous debate questions
yikes! what the heck did hillary just cough up into her glass?…and why is there an ambulance in her motorcade? [video]
music legend and american icon prince dies at 57
watch confused trump wander aimlessly away from limo
did rep sheila jackson lee bump first class passenger from seat?…angry passenger tweets out photo!
flashback: key democrats call for violence in the streets…”march, bleed, die” [video]
friday document dump: 300 clinton e-mails released
not-impartial debate moderator martha raddatz sat on whistleblower story that could’ve ended obama’s chances in 2008 [video]
rino senator from “red state” tells illegal aliens: “you have done nothing wrong”…joins dems to push dream act legislation only hours after trump rescinds daca [video]
whoa! blood, semen and breastmilk…hillary’s campaign chairman’s most disturbing email leak [video]
shocking verdict: kate steinle murdered by illegal alien who walks free [video]
watch: irrelevant dem political analyst james carville says trump’s mental state needs to be looked at because of his sentence structure
hillary uses a noise machine to keep us from hearing her speech
san bernardino: two adults dead, two injured in school murder-suicide
ep 5: patrick henningsen live with guest daniel faraci – on trump, russia, the media and neocons
breaking: judge shoots down jill stein’s request for wisconsin election recount by hand
officials caught falsifying records to deny food stamps to families with less than $100
new 9/11 trailer – featuring charlie sheen and whoopi goldberg
melania just liked a tweet that shows just how much she hates her husband
trump just got fined $10,000 for improperly using trump tower for campaign events
family’s dog poisoned by flint’s toxic lead water
don’t take your kids to new orleans to learn about american history…black lives matter just erased it
study shows ‘profound’ negative impact of religion on gender pay gap
what ted cruz said in church sounds like sharia law for america
the real reason joe biden hasn’t announced he’s running yet: reliable investigative reporter shares the disturbing inside scoop
worried about trump losing his own money? $6 billion lost under hillary clinton as secretary of state
“i’m not with crooked hillary”: viral video shows young mexican-american explain why he’s voting for trump
romney reminds america why they didn’t elect him: trump’s obama birtherism no big deal
oops! hillary’s hit woman lied about trump groping her…eye-witness comes forward: “it was she that was the one being flirtatious”
just in! surprise guest shows up at nationals park to watch gop congressional baseball game for charity [video]
watch: jehovah’s witnesses create cartoon to indoctrinate kids into hating gay people
“former bleeding heart liberal”: shocked parents speak out about rape of 14-year old by obama’s ‘dreamer’: “this changed my attitude about a lot of things, as a former bleeding heart liberal” [video]
house majority leader revelation: ‘i think putin pays trump’
democrat underbelly exposed: out-of-control violence erupts…anti-trump rioters deliver on threat to turn up heat, shut down free speech [video]
here’s the disgusting letter the fbi sent to mlk they don’t want you to see
unreal video: white guy kidnapped and assaulted by thugs…forced to say: “f*ck trump” and “f*ck white people” [video}
gop explodes as mitch mcconnell directly blames trump for republican failures
watch judge order punk wearing “police lie” t-shirt to leave courtroom…or face contempt charges
nc students pull racist prank on their classmates that’s straight out of trump’s book
look how nestle profits by taking michigan water for free as flint pays a fortune for poison (image/video)
watch: trey gowdy furious over lawless loretta lynch during clinton email hearing: “it was a total waste of time…the facts are embarrassing for her presidential candidate [hillary]”
o’reilly and trump bond over sexual harassment in alec baldwin’s most creative snl skit yet
lol! whoopi goldberg caught telling huge lie during interview with newt gingrich, as the view hacks tried to prove president trump’s a “liar” [video]
malia obama flashes her booty in front of huge crowd at chicago concert
breaking news: senator john mccain diagnosed with brain cancer…same tumor killed senator kennedy
transgender antifa thug starts to burn american flag…pro-trump biker gives him big surprise [video]
watch: kellyanne conway goes full hypocrite on fox news while whining about anti-trump protesters
halloween fireside book of suspense vol. 2: boiler room ep #133
media busted! 2003 video of trump proving his claim that he was against the iraq war [video]
watch: van jones eviscerates supporter who thinks trump’s tax evasion is ‘genius’
witness trump tell a room of cheering morons that women have it better off than men
president trump shocks press corp…makes unannounced trip with ivanka trump
new report shows 3.5 million more adults registered to vote than are alive…is this why leftist media predicted hillary would win? [video]
ann coulter admits: if clinton wins, republicans will go out of business
dnc chair asks democrat members of congress to “bring a muslim” to state of union…
breaking: cruz and kasich announce plan to take down trump
reflections on a world gone mad and pushing back against neocolonialist thuggery
ep 6: patrick henningsen live with guest robert parry – ‘america’s mainstream media meltdown’
are you one of the 20 u.s. cities targeted for muslim refugee resettlement?
everyone knew trump would be golfing again – so protesters were totally ready when he showed up
trump’s inner circle is busily making revenge a top priority
ca fire update: jesus fabian gonzalez arrested for suspicion of arson in sanctuary county after he’s caught walking away from fire with lighter in pocket
liberal imperium: quigley’s anglo-american establishment – jay dyer
rand paul throws a fit after being kicked out of next republican debate
priceless! grandpa trump leaves the white house with the grandkids [video]
guess who we spotted in the vip section at a clinton rally? hillary’s campaign couldn’t get any creepier
trump does fallon’s tonight show: talks about hillary, debates, border…
step aside fox news, it’s not about you!
kkk just threatened an 84-year-old woman who fled hitler after she criticized trump
numbskull ben carson just managed to p*ss off every decent parent in america
show this to your friends who don’t fully grasp the severity of hillary clinton’s email breach
the amount of people shot this year so far by toddlers will make your stomach turn
fox news and rudy giuliani fully brought out their white hoods to attack beyoncé
“sign of the times”…man streams his own police chase on facebook live [video]
boom! harvard law democrat alan dershowitz destroys the left’s “unconstitutional” argument against donald trump jr. [video]
disney worker tells horror story of being forced to train foreign worker to replace him or forego severance package
careless clinton aide kept ‘top secret’ state department info in unsafe locations
fox news says ‘health insurance doesn’t matter cause we’re all going to die anyway’
boiler room ep #129 – mandalay ‘massacre:’ initial boil down with hesh, spore, jay, funk and pharaoh
trump just got a secret intel briefing from a foreign power, and it’s not who you think
trump moves ahead with ‘the wall’ between us and mexico
trump’s longtime friend larry king just stung him so hard he’ll be fuming for weeks
trump, liberal hypocrisy & humanity’s future
dhs secretary gets hammered with “where’s obama” questions…you won’t believe his excuse!
american racism reaches new heights of hypocrisy
a former cia chief just said trump will be held responsible for new terror attacks
col ralph peters: obama and politicians ‘put happiness of the saudi royal family above the survivors of 9/11’ [video]
every single lady on ‘the view’ just shredded donald trump for obvious lying
#fakenewsmorningshow gma compares president trump to n. korean’s murderous dictator kim jong un [video]
boom! gov scott walker slams abc for canceling tim allen’s sitcom
obamacare and the forgotten family: a tale of how the middle class was royally scr*wed by washington [video]
donald trump tried to manipulate stock market against one american company; it worked for a few hours
dwayne ‘the rock’ johnson’s awesome message to americans after the election: “lead by example…we got this!”
obama’s doj just got serious about institutional racism and class warfare in the court system
laura ingraham rips into the press…crowd goes wild: “do your job!” [video]
florida continues for-profit juvenile prisons after years of abuses, corruption
race-baiting cop haters dealt major blow: baltimore judge finds no evidence of crime committed against freddie grey
about time! house republicans move to charge hillary with perjury for lying under oath before congress [video]
pope francis torches trump: ‘a person who thinks only of building walls’ is ‘not a christian’
you have to see ammon bundy’s ridiculous press conference in oregon
not kidding: pa college cancels play after author objects to use of white actors
watch john kerry’s fear mongering on iran deal support: “profound and damaging implications” if denied by congress
say what? amazon tells customer they were forced by federal government to remove confederate flag from website
breaking: tomi lahren suspended from the blaze after making shocking announcement on”the view” [video]
wow! japan’s prime minister literally did a back flip into a bunker during golf with trump [video]
wow! this video might explain why #unfithillary is taking weekends off from campaigning…caught grasping for railings, table, chairs, anything to hold herself up
multi-millionaire global-warming hypocrites leonardo dicaprio, al gore and bono just got exactly what they deserve…and it’s glorious! [video]
question: which presidential candidate spent the most on their campaign so far? the answer may surprise you…
“gynecology without borders” group releases gut-wrenching study: 70% of female refugees raped, beaten or victims of sexual abuse
obama floods america with illegal aliens, muslim refugees, while veteran under va care dies with maggot-infested wound
corinthian colleges must pay students more than $1 billion dollars
‘man bites dog’: new york times does some actual journalism
obama guilts congressional black caucus members to vote for hillary
trey gowdy breaks down what clinton hasn’t answered to about use of private e-mail server [video]
wmd fraud: sexed-up un ‘chemical weapons’ report on syria contrived to trigger more sanctions, intervention
michael flynn begs for donations on twitter, gets wrecked by the internet
swiss army chief warns citizens about explosive refugee situation: tells them to arm themselves
fire this woman! ranting nyu professor goes apesh*t on cops at protest: “f*ck you nypd!” [video]
germany displacing residents to make way for syrian refugees: nurse shocked after being kicked out of same flat for 16 years
texas congressman hilariously trolls trump, says what the entire congress is thinking
watch: colbert hilariously portrays trump as a little girl and the internet is laughing out loud
mccain has the best laugh he’s had in 80 years when he’s asked this about donald trump
john mcafee on hacking smartphones and why bitcoin is here to stay
katie couric hits new career low: asks perfect strangers cringeworthy questions: “do you watch porn?”…asks couple,”have you ever cheated on your spouse?” [video]
finally, obama speaks: americans need to ‘reconcile themselves’ with a trump presidency
fox news fans found out malia obama is going to harvard, so they called her a ‘n*****’
sarah palin removes offensive tweet after being humiliated for whining about a black man donating to charity
oregon passes highest minimum wage in the nation despite gop temper tantrum
whoa! new emails show comey fbi lied about meeting between bill clinton and loretta lynch on tarmac…proves media colluded with obama’s doj to kill story about tarmac meeting [video]
buh-bye megyn…the woman who miscalculated her power with viewers is leaving fox to join liberal, anti-trump nbc
all the proof we’ll ever need that cnn is in the tank for trump
breaking…vp pence and wife karen abruptly leave colts game…destroys unpatriotic nfl on twitter
women in france fight back after muslim men ban them from sharing public spaces [video]
hillary clinton proves she doesn’t “play well with others” when she names her greatest weakness
john mccain and the cancer of conflict
panama papers show donald trump’s name mentioned over 3,500 times
bernie bursts out laughing after trump unknowingly praises australia’s universal health care
george takei’s latest twitter poem roasts trump’s idiotic north korea statement to perfection
sean hannity just showed exactly how delusional conservatives are in a single statement
trump ‘cherished’ letter obama left him when he took over, then did the opposite of what it said
trump tries to manipulate nevada vote and gets shut down hard
hillary clinton ponders halloween costume
laws are for the common man…not for barry soetoro: obama gives work permits to 2,000 after judge ordered him to stop
#hurricaneharvey weather channel reporter retrieves flag but what he does next will make your day! [video]
this is huge! here’s proof george soros fears trump’s presidency and will do anything to bring him down
sarah palin and donald trump are not going to like today’s ny daily news cover
did trump just accidentally admit he deleted recordings of comey conversations?
cbs hit job on new tax bill backfires when accountant meets with middle class taxpayers…winning! [video]
illegal alien with drug resistant tb to be released into general u.s. population
watch legendary reporter ted koppel tell hannity right to his face he’s bad for america
sunday screening: operation hollywood (2004)
gop implodes as trump launches nasty public fight against top republican
poll shows hillary clinton with a thirteen point lead over donald trump
bold! hollywood actor speaks up for trump…tells anti-trump crowd to knock it off [video]
james clapper drops stunning truthbomb: russia behind ‘fake news’ in 2016 election
trump wants more white house staffers, what he wants them to do is shameful
‘i was stunned’: john kelly defends trump’s phone call to green beret widow [video]
cnn host stunned as trump’s team refuses to comment on russian hacking
huge border crisis: illegals brag about being “home free” in the u.s. and encourage others to come [video]
sewer worker dies after muslim doctors refuse to help him
trump wants the supreme court to punish lawyers who win cases against his administration
detective on seth rich murder mystery drops shocking news [video]
trump takes action: send “animal” to gitmo…already starting process to “get rid of senator chuck schumer’s “diversity lottery” that gave us nyc terrorist [video]
unbelievable photos show how the media is hiding the biggest story of our time: the rise of the violent, anti-american democrat party
trump gets revenge on women’s march by signing executive order that will kill a bunch of women and girls
what trump wants to do to your children would break the law
gop veteran and double amputee scorches democrats for blatant lies about health care bill [video]
hysterical! hillary’s speech hijacked by conservatives commenting online [video]
activist: ‘this is where you can make the most impact’
mccain needs to go! makes claim that trump is trying to be a dictator but was silent on obama
[video] “low energy” jeb bush asks nh audience to “please clap” for him
partners in crime: goldman sachs, the clintons & wall street
dwayne ‘the rock’ johnson’s awesome message to americans after the election: “lead by example…we got this!”
breaking: planned parenthood pulls a lame pr stunt and gets busted
‘american sniper’ widow gets set straight after telling potus ‘we can’t outlaw murder’
breaking email leak: “bernie needs to be ground to a pulp…crush him as hard as you can”
graphic riot videos expose thugs attacking elderly and whites…and the black caucus is protesting today in support of this? [video]
homeless woman beaten by thugs for hillary after protecting trump’s hollywood star speaks out for millions of forgotten americans…a must read
watch: fox and friends host brian kilmeade immediately makes whoopi regret telling him to “read a book”
(video) awkward! how to destroy your cell phone with lindsey graham
seven brutal realities of life crybaby millennials need to learn…now!
wow! must watch video of grilling of congressmen on benghazi
watch: trey gowdy furious over lawless loretta lynch during clinton email hearing: “it was a total waste of time…the facts are embarrassing for her presidential candidate [hillary]”
hillary’s horrifying answer to this question might be the best reason ever to not vote for her [video]
coincidence? chobani scores major contract with mooch’s government controlled school lunch program after airing naked lesbian tv ad to 3% of population [video]
top ten clinton scandals that wikileaks exposed and that you need to know about
watch: michael steele calls out trump for attacking civil rights icon rep. john lewis
watch: “we’re getting a glimpse of a world without america…and it’s scary as hell”
boiler room – ep #57 – revenge of the social rejects
terror-tied group plans in-your-face parade float at tomorrow’s veterans’ day parade
former ‘apprentice’ contestants unite against trump – issue brutal statements
was iranian businessman freed from jail after huge payoff to clintons?
watch: trump supporter drops bombshell, accuses cruz ally of being his mistress
sarah sanders has hysterical response to the news that cnn staffers are boycotting the white house christmas party
tragic! jobless americans forced to train their foreign replacements speak out: “this is not about skills…this is about costs” [video]
boom! 4 men steal trump hat…trump supporter ‘takes care of business’ [video]
five struggles working americans face that trump will never understand
patrick henningsen live with guest ray mcgovern – podesta emails leaked, not ‘hacked’
‘this is a nightmare’: al city’s black residents live in fear under ‘confederate commander’ police chief
watch: this congresswoman put an anti-lgbt bigot in her place during hearing
tucker carlson embarrasses colby professor who says colleges should be able to shut down free speech [video]
ted cruz pulls the last trick from his hat and trump’s ego may not be able to resist
episode #6 – drive by wire: ‘syria wmd redux?’ (part 1)
liberal fed judge who sided with black lives matter terror group over seattle cops stops trump’s immigration travel ban [video]
wikileaks assange nails hillary’s psychosis in australian interview in one brilliant tweet [video]
watch: fox host chris wallace smacks trump, asks how attacking the media creates jobs
someone tried to cash in on antifa with these $375 jackets and twitter had a field day
watch: mitt romney doesn’t think roy moore deserves fair treatment in questionable 40-year-old sex assault allegations…has romney already forgotten what harry reid’s lie did to his campaign?
insane trump ally claims he’s victim of russian-style assassination attempt
martin o’malley suspends campaign after predictably crushing iowa caucus loss
watch: msnbc cuts mic of gop senator lindsey graham when he brings up hillary’s campaign during interview about donald trump jr.
watch: reporter calls kellyanne conway and her lies ‘the darkness’ – her reply is insanely ironic
best comment of the night in first gop presidential debate goes to …
conservative ‘christian’ says wives should submit to husbands even if treated like sh*t
[video] black chamber of commerce president says obama’s ‘clean power plan’ will increase black poverty by 23 percent
bill clinton steps in it: accuses fbi of serving up a “load of bull”
another clinton casualty? sister of woman who allegedly had photos proving affair with bill clinton, questions his involvement in her mysterious house fire death
hud official spends $366,000 in fed funds on booze, makeup, clothes and homes…you won’t believe her punishment!
ron paul liberty report: us-saudi arms trafficking to terrorists in syria
john cleese just burned trump voters for being the dumbest people on the planet
lol! hypocrite hillary gives speech on evils of “inequality” while wearing designer pants suits with price tag you won’t believe
report: trump and companies tied to over 100 lawsuits, tax evasion
chevy chase admits to using position at snl to push democrats over republicans to millions of viewers
breaking news: bernie supporters caught plagiarizing trump supporters by chanting…. “lock her up!” [video]
hillary lambasted trump’s hateful rhetoric by mocking his ridiculous tweets, and it’s hilarious
trump says sarah palin won’t attend rnc because alaska ‘a long ways away’
(video) lie, lie, lie: state department speaks with forked tongue on the rise of radical islam
donald trump just got humiliated by the dictionary again, and it’s f*cking epic
bernie sanders gets some pretty outspoken praise from biden
wow! new video blows up corruption between obama, democratic operative, hillary campaign “consultant” bob creamer [video]
christie goes ballistic on cruz for ‘awful, selfish speech’
the face of the democrat party has a message for the tea party and you won’t want to miss it…[video]
no longer just suspicion: experts trace dnc hacker back to russian internet server
senate has had enough of trump’s obstruction, handcuffs his ability to appoint an ag to fire mueller
say “hello” to your new neighbors! clooney begged for open borders…now massive refugee camp is erected in his front yard
“this is totally fake!” tucker loses his temper on russia conspiracy hack [video]
vigilante pirates intercede where government fails: prevent refugees from reaching sweden’s shores
trump jr.’s lies about to be exposed; meeting with russian lawyer allegedly recorded
why has this man not been arrested for terrorism? black muslim leader, farrakahn calls for army of 10,000: “stalk them and kill them (white man)…the koran says retaliation is prescribed” [video]
jimmy kimmel joins the ladies of ‘the view’ to rip trump to shreds over his ‘publicist’
newt gingrich: somebody is going to jail over russia probe but it won’t be trump
swiss army chief warns citizens about explosive refugee situation: tells them to arm themselves
epic speech well worth watching! trump’s remarks to builders: “the era of economic victory for our country has just begun” [video]
you won’t believe this: watch donna brazile defend her decision to cheat by leaking questions to hillary [video]
america first! how trump’s silent majority is america’s brexit
trump hater, comedian-actor george lopez says president trump should “deport the police” to make streets safer…leads audience in anti-trump chant “f**k that puto (male whore)” [video]
not so “funny guys” carl reiner and “meathead” son “feel sorry for obama” after “racist” americans elected president trump [video]
cnn’s anderson “pooper” responds after outcry over ‘crude’ swipe at trump supporter [video]
dr martin luther king’s niece: “i believe that congressman lewis can actually help america by working with the president”
lindsey graham: trump should be treated with the same respect republicans gave obama
obama will give away free internet (to those he deems worthy) : “the internet is not a luxury”
national security advisor calls out liberal press for fake news: “the story…is false” [video]
watch: cherokee people express disgust over “lying” elizabeth warren faking “native american heritage” to get prestigious law professor job
bill cosby thanks ‘friends and fans’ in new year’s tweet, twitter eviscerates him
dem rep, wife of felon caught on tape bragging about inciting violence at trump rallies, makes hilarious claim about number of seats democrats will take in 2018 [video]
cindy mccain reportedly accepts trump administration position on same day husband john mccain’s outrageous pro-obama, anti-trump remarks are released
former george w. bush attorney jumps ship from the sinking republican party
newt gingrich’s new tell-all book reveals trump’s grossest habits while on campaign
congress steps in after doctor is violently dragged from united airlines flight
facebook employees asked mark zuckerberg if they have a ‘responsibility’ to stop trump
not kidding: democrats are calling for obama to be hillary’s running mate…but is that legal?
you’re fired! pres trump fires obama’s partisan acting attorney general after she refuses to enforce travel ban
winning! trump stops obama-era doj “slush fund” payouts to radical groups
mi republican gov rick snyder now trying to steal $550 million dollars from teachers
hillary needs help climbing up just one step at rally with 50 people
sit down and shut up! senator whack-job warren gets rebuked after ignoring senate rules…makes desperate last ditch “race card” play against jeff sessions [video]
60 minutes uses “fake news” story to destroy credibility of popular conservative twitter personality for suggesting hillary had parkinson’s [video]
flashback: mark steyn: why the us is becoming a banana republic [video]
isis releases new video making clear their mission is to honor islamic faith and destroy non-believers…obama: “isil is not islamic”
stunning: obama preaches value of communism to italian audience [video]
new poll leaves trump camp terrified as even texas leans hillary
hey packers and bears: we don’t lock arms for the national anthem! [video]
bernie sanders literally laughs at stupidity of fox news trying to explain taxes
watch: nicolle wallace declares the republican party dead after trump’s acceptance speech
sheriff clarke outraged at rally violence: ” where’s the fbi and doj?”
exclusive: interview with progressive superstar running for congress, zephyr teachout
clinton slips while stepping behind biden after awkward lingering hug from “uncle joe” earlier in the day [video]
scampaign: here’s how gop donors are making trump rich (but they don’t know that)
trump’s campaign is a complete mess and this is why
melania trump busted committing perjury – lied about having college degree while under oath
bad ass businessman challenges paul ryan in new campaign ad like you’ve never seen before [video]
court documents show how trump cooked the books and scammed investors
‘responsible gun owner’ blows off his own leg after turning his lawnmower into exploding target
john mccain: trump’s attacks on the press are ‘how dictators get started’
republican judge rules that doctors can freely refuse to treat people, but only some people
rbg blasts republicans for crippling the supreme court
the lying b**tard behind the fake planned parenthood videos gets slapped with federal lawsuit
wow! senator grassley outs schumer and schiff…lied to media even though they knew trump wasn’t under investigation for collusion with russians [video]
dad of murdered reporter hits trump, gop beautifully over ‘assault on 2nd amendment nonsense’
hot mic! press goes bonkers at trump presser: “this sh*t is nuts … that guy was assaulting me” [video]
boiler room ep #84 – the discredited media strikes back
watch: morning joe hosts wipe the floor with trump’s chaotic lie-infested press conference
behind the curtain: how obama plans to prevent “certain” social security beneficiaries from owning guns
corruption: here’s how donald trump is breaking the law and profiting from the presidency
just in: john conyers’ attorney suggests nancy pelosi is a racist for saying conyers should resign
christians warned by obama: religious freedom takes a backseat to gay rights
why did cnn doctor killer’s photo to disguise his race and why is the press scrubbing his profile?
report: turns out most of trump’s ‘charity’ was giving free golf to his business friends
watch: cnn host gets schooled by guest after comparing oregon protesters to #blacklivesmatter terrorists
bill clinton gets the hook during q & a with music: “they want me to go” [video]
democrat corey booker backs single-payer and wide open borders: ‘build tunnels, not walls’ [video]
wow! hillary spills the beans on funding terrorists…the press is silent [video]
crybaby nancy pelosi taunts trump on healthcare bill: “rookie mistake” [video]
sports bar owner bans nfl games…will show only ‘true american’ sports: ‘i’d like to speak for rural america’ [video]
racist trump supporters rough up black woman: ‘you’re scum, your time will come’
conservatives are seriously claiming kaine’s marine pin is a secret communist insult
confused.gov: obama’s imperial mideast policy unravels, still backing terrorists in syria
watch: white grievance queen tomi lahren gets owned for being racist
trump makes big announcement after fox news says they’ll keep megan kelly on as debate moderator
trump throws intelligence community under the bus to side with putin despite strong evidence of russian meddling
fbi informant blows the whistle on obama doj’s intimidation tactics [video]
awesome letter to obama: who is unfit to be president?
maher eviscerates trump’s insane presser; gets real about how dangerous he is
trump hired flynn after obama specifically warned him not to – now karma is coming for trump. hard.
why hillary loves the idea of barack obama as supreme court justice
go for it! russia threatens to leak things obama wanted to “keep secret”
trump press secretary f*cks up, idiotically retweets satire video making fun of him
key trump advisor: elton john will perform at inauguration for “first american president in us history that enters the white house with a pro-gay rights stance”
mike pence shreds tim kaine in vp debate: this one answer was a home run! [video]
paul joseph watson is not happy about the air strike on syria…here’s why [video]
joe biden called mccain urged him to vote against obamacare repeal
husband of presidential candidate under criminal investigation has secret meeting on taxpayer funded plane with obama’s crooked ag [video]
trump whines about late night hosts making jokes about him, accuses them of conspiring with democrats
father of orlando shooter is long-time cia asset
revealed: hillary’s over-the-top spending during state department reign will blow your mind
shifting paradigm: you’ll only understand trump and brexit if you understand the failure of globalization
robert deniro ignorantly allows anti-vaxxer propaganda at tribeca film festival
watch: gop chair says ‘people don’t care’ about trump’s treatment of women, gets destroyed by fox host
republican obstructionism is about to make an elderly disabled couple homeless
you can’t make this up: east chicago residents re-elect man arrested on murder and drug charges
president trump warns comey…tweets veiled threat to former fbi director
#winning update: arizona’s other anti-trump, rino senator just got some very bad news
trump has already made us the world’s punch line in a nauseating way
watch: former puerto rico governor humiliates pouting msnbc host mika brzezinski for putting her hate for trump before needs of hurricane victims
trump blasts john mccain and lindsey graham: they “should focus their energies on isis, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start wwiii” [video]
breaking: benghazi-obsessed gop congressman jason chaffetz too scared to run for re-election
george zimmerman launches despicable attack on trayvon martin’s parents
conservatives are now arguing we shouldn’t be able to vote for the president at all
watch: megyn kelly humiliates herself (again)…tries to cozy up to traitor jane fonda…gets major smackdown on live tv
gop senator incapable of answering this simple question about trump’s border wall
in-your-face censorship! cnn cuts feed of pro-trump congressman as soon as he brought up wikileaks [video]
racist nra host uses racial slur to vulgarly celebrate the end of obama’s presidency
teen that anthony weiner sexted speaks out for the first time
barbara boxer destroys carly fiorina after she’s announced as ted cruz’s v.p.
whoopi goldberg was confused for oprah at the oscars, twitter hilariously responds
lol! clinton news network (cnn) shut down at trump rally by pro-trump deplorables [video]
nancy pelosi asked: who’s the leader of the dems?…any guesses? soros? [video]
watch: president obama zings the hell out of trump on jimmy kimmel
while we were sleeping, trump declared civil war
#blacklivesmatter activists (terrorists) chant death to cops at mn state fair chant: “pigs in a blanket, fry ‘em like bacon!”
trump warned americans we’d be “sick of winning”…cnn cries trump is making stock market rise too much…could hurt his chances for re-election [video]
migrants brutally gang rape 3 yr old boy at asylum center in norway
bigots kick two black women out of a bar in fresno–turns out they’re lawyers for the aclu
former gop rep. thinks adam schiff should recuse himself from russia probe too, because reasons
pa trump rally: how support from the amish community could help trump win key swing states [video]
nra president has meltdown over voting rights and it was so hypocritical
trump has been wanting to nuke north korea for at least 18 years
(video) un climate change freaks: “we should make every effort to decrease the world population”
muslim olympian takes gold medal jab at ‘dangerous’ donald trump
hillary clinton ‘insulted’ and ‘embarrassed’ ambassadors by refusing to follow decorum
america’s most corrupt sheriff set to lose re-election bid in a landslide
u.s. news and world report publishes list of top 10 most popular nations where refugees want to live
double amputee vet blasts obama’s war strategy…saw him as “expendable”…explains why he wishes he was fighting under president trump [video]
trump’s latest tease pales next to bush and gore’s election war in 2000
republicans tried to kill the clean water rule, but obama’s veto pen said ‘hell no’
shaquille o’neal: “the earth is flat. yes, it is.”
(video) pantsuit on fire! hillary clinton caught in another whopper about selling the russians our uranium
32 million uninsured, premiums to double if obamacare repealed but not replaced
unreal! how democrats manipulated the cbo report on obamacare [video]
exxon mobil brazenly attempts to use administration to grant russian favors
reporter reveals the real reason trump fired bannon from wh post and it’s petty as hell
every u.s. citizen taken hostage in iran to be awarded millions…with a catch…iran’s not paying…you are!
(video) priceless! detroit sinkhole turned into something totally outside the box
cnn panel erupts, gets ugly after guest defends trump’s muslim ban
more jobs! dow company ceo at mi trump rally: announces new mi plant: “we’re not a ‘red tape’ company, but a ‘red carpet’ country for american businesses”
boiler room #91 – the swear jar overfloweth
the real truth about why obama is planting muslim refugees in small towns across america
holy widows and orphans! over 5,000 isis trained jihadi’s living freely in europe
marco rubio comes out of mothballs to issue dumbest statement on trump yet
college professor’s severed trump head painting displayed in art gallery at largest public university in alaska: “after trump was elected, i spent days just weeping”
donations to trump’s ‘veteran fundraiser’ not going to vets
hillary supporter, prominent lawyer alan dershowitz: if dems elect muslim keith ellison to dnc chair, he’s leaving dem party…”loyalty to my country exceeds any loyalty to my party”
fox news host exposes jimmy kimmel hypocrisy after his paid “goon” disrupts al church service where roy moore spoke
man brutally assaulted at ca trump rally tells horrific story of attack by domestic terrorists [video]
lt col tony shaffer: muslim dnc it staffers sent sensitive info to muslim brotherhood [video]
why the gop establishment should fear this outspoken underdog candidate
woman born in nazi germany says trump doesn’t remind her of hitler….rioting leftists trying to shut down free speech does
is megyn kelly planning to leave fox news? [video]
new poll is bad news for obama’s manufactured race war
sweden houses 600+ muslim refugees in luxury ski resort…refugees complain: “it was terrible, just wind and snow, and the roads were slippery”
violent npr employee who is also a refugee arrested, charged with assault for blocking betsy devos from entering dc school
(video) obama throws america under the bus…again
class act! watch the today show’s matt lauer get shot down by trump’s friend new england patriots owner bob craft [video]
trump campaign manager was in debt to shady russian interests, obviously compromised
sitting gop senator has had enough, donates to alabama democrat for senate
sore loser, war-hawk john mccain blames president trump for syrian chemical attack [video]
‘calexit’ is really a thing, might mean actual secession
black republican and brilliant neurosurgeon announces run for prez: huffington post places story next to story about dog living in tree trunk
watch: fox news’ tucker carlson screams about dirty bathrooms to avoid talking about trump
obama takes two gas guzzling planes for sightseeing…what global warming?
watch solar eclipse live here
watch: republican senator lashes out at cnn hosts after being called out for supreme court hypocrisy
“on day of #niceattack hillary announces amnesty for anyone who stealthily evades our border patrol”
unbelievable video of nypd cops being punched by man in crowd while woman being arrested attempts to steal female cops gun
trump put jennifer hudson and relatives up rent-free in trump towers after her family was murdered…so why isn’t she performing at his inauguration?
neo-nazi sues trump for making him punch a black lady at a rally
hillary’s biggest gun control fan let’s loose at rally [video]
trump supporters give nazi salute, tell reporters to ‘go to f*cking auschwitz’
trump poised to reverse obama’s politicized “global warming” policies…plans to bring energy jobs back to americans
unbelievable! students succeed in removing us border patrol agents from career fair: concerned they won’t make illegal students feel welcome
#resistance organizers have an amazing new anti-trump campaign; trump will be furious
deputy attorney general doubles down on comey memo: “i wrote it. i believe it. i stand by it.”
nails it! mike rowe on why trump won…hillary supporters won’t like this! [video]
latest from conservatives: god was answering victims’ prayers by letting them get shot
so long, chris christie — and thanks for destroying marco rubio on your way out
boom! kellyanne conway shuts down cnn’s cuomo: “why do you care?” [video]
say what? obama gives go ahead for new un “regional hub” in washington dc…what they plan to use center for is disturbing
a brutally honest message to black american men from a conservative black american
flashback: hillary and raunchy actress discuss desire to see rock star’s penis: “i’ll look for that” [video]
house republicans pave way for rampant corruption under trump by gutting independent ethics panel
arizona’s largest newspaper breaks 125 year tradition, backs democrat for president
paul ryan officially hands what’s left of his spine to donald trump
not kidding: why government is forcing manhattan landlord to give $3200 a month apartment to immigrant free for life
busted! liberal brainiacs steal trump sign…in company truck! [video]
obama hid bin laden papers to bury this damning evidence that could have cost him 2012 election
oath keeper leader: if you ‘waco’ the bundy militia, there will be ‘bloody, brutal civil war’
the left loses again: third quarter economic estimate explodes!
marco rubio’s friend thinks he needs to see a doctor after his insane debate performance
watch: ted cruz tells social worker he’s going to deport her if he becomes president
germany’s merkel and france’s hollande get hammered on mass immigration by one brave lady! [video]
popular st. louis bar closed for having a clientele too black for the neighborhood
outrage! how refugee resettlement is using united states as dumping ground to settle diplomatic disputes
gold star dad forced to cancel canada trip after being told his ‘travel privileges are being reviewed’
meet the real billionaire who just took trump to the woodshed
bombshell: fbi reveals lying obama used a pseudonym to e-mail clinton…refuses to release e-mails
trump gets smoked after telling the american people it’s his duty to protect their lives
lol! un refugee spokes-celebrity angelina jolie admonishes u.s. for “undermining international law” by resisting flow of muslim refugees
stunning: first lady melania trump welcomes israeli prime minister netanyahu [video]
the lost video: watch msnbc’s mika shamelessly flirt with donald trump [video]
no class michelle obama takes several swipes at trump during tech speech and veiled swipe at clintons: ‘people that won’t go away’ [video]
energy department to close office of international climate and technology
hillary’s ‘russian hack’ hoax: the biggest lie of this election season
south carolina to remove confederate flag as boehner calls for a review of flag issue
trump and secret service forced to take last minute escape route to avoid violent liberal thug protesters [video]
president trump turns c-pac into t-pac: “era of empty talk is over…i’m not representing the globe; i’m representing your country” [video]
saudi man abdullah alhorir scalded, whipped and beat wife, assaulted daughters in hotel room after trip to disneyworld cops say
watch: khizr khan pleas with top gop officials to abandon trump
this charity decided to use trump’s money to fight hate and is rubbing it in his face
trump hater george ramos promotes movie showing illegal aliens being shot at border by drunk vigilante…blames trump [video]
hilarious! look who liberal middlebury professor is blaming after she was sent to hospital by angry mob of leftist students
fox goes full-stupid: planned parenthood ‘does late-term abortions’ to ‘sell baby parts’
trumps biggest little fan knocks it out of the park [video]
bernie sanders consoles sister of police violence victim in emotional backstage discussion
he’s baaack! khizr kahn to appear with radical anti-israel/pro-muslim brotherhood activist…nothing to see here…
say what? organization with ties to muslim brotherhood will have float in ok veterans day parade
racist rapper who refers to himself as “yeezus” compares his dangerous entertainment job to u.s. soldier or cop
tough message from serious women who don’t use genitalia as reason to vote for next president : “we don’t feel safe” [video]
ted cruz cries ‘unprecedented persecution’ because gay people can get married
delusional democrats get a reality check: “no, russia didn’t hack our election” [video]
just in: roy moore accuser admits to forging yearbook
breaking! refugee terrorist coverup: obama’s doj aided iraqi refugee terror suspect to allegedly deny campaign momentum to trump [video]
democrats literally scream ‘shame’ at republicans for blocking lgbt amendment
climate change refugees? feds give $1 billion in grants to 13 states to “help them adapt” to climate change
if you cross our borders illegally….you can now land a job teaching in this state
judge napolitano: samsung allowed british intelligence to spy on americans through their tv’s [video]
democrat dershowitz slaps down feinstein’s effort to say trump guilty of obstruction: ‘she doesn’t know what she’s talking about’ [video]
muslim migrant woman caught spitting on angry germans swarming around bus at asylum center [video]
carrier employee speaks out on trump: ‘he blew smoke up our a**es’
mi board of education will allow students to choose gender, bathroom, locker room and even a new name with no parental consent
watch: colbert tears mylan ceo apart with this brilliant comparison
fox news to black hamilton actor: shut up and ‘stick to hip hop’
threading a fine needle, the national african-american museum will include rape allegations against bill cosby
all-out war just occurred on ‘the view’ between whoopi, carson and trump
you won’t believe why students in communist wisconsin are no longer allowed to chant “u.s.a.” at sporting events [video]
one of trump’s groping victims just came forward, campaign is panicking
new polls stun: state that’s been deep red for over 20 years may become key battleground state
tea party superstar gets wrecked after obama ‘n****r’ tweet
big banks fleeced the working poor out of $11.16 billion in 2015
illegal aliens who lied to court, used fake ss#’s and committed felonies are granted special privileges because they are considered “victims”
republican absurdly claims investigating trump would be like ‘mccarthyism’
life in the military academy: where donald j. trump played by the rules and learned how to be a winner
right wing drudge report calls beyoncé an ‘urban terrorist’ because racism is dead in america
trump shreds all remaining ideas that he’s not an egotistical bastard in latest hillary rant
with the death of alton sterling, police have now killed 114 black men so far this year
college snowflakes freak out! “feel unsafe” over vp pence’s planned commencement speech [video]
40,000 ma drug cases could be thrown out because of drug stealing lab scandal
disney worker tells horror story of being forced to train foreign worker to replace him or forego severance package
breaking news: nypd cracking down on anti-trump terror groups…watch police arrest antifa terrorists for wearing masks, burning flags [video]
breaking: historic white house meeting between obama and trump [video]
slippery slope? new twitter rules ban ‘hateful conduct’ promoting violence
breaking: new ca law will allow cops to confiscate legally owned guns
megyn kelly is destroying nbc’s morning show ratings
watch: dixie chicks kick off first tour in a decade by humiliating donald trump on stage
here’s proof top republicans have already given up on trump
trump makes daughter ivanka fill in because he’s ‘exhausted’
watch: trump gets his deplorable a** handed to him by keith olbermann
maxine waters just threw an epic twitter bomb at trump
you lie! obama secretly paid $400 million ransom to iran for release of americans…bragged about “diplomatic breakthrough” with iran
“i think my dog’s a democrat” [video]
megyn kelly torches mike huckabee for defending trump’s kkk support
mainstream media fake news: 21st century wire debates american ‘liberal’ academic
illegal alien criminals on hunger strike in az prison give list of demands including removal of threat of deportation
flashback: hillary courts illegal alien vote by lying about her three “immigrant” grandparents
embarrassing: watch trump attorney gets grilled over lying about investigation
busted: guess what the bundy militia was doing while they were not in gunfights with the fbi
rick scott was so butthurt by the woman who called him an a-hole he released this attack ad
hillary clinton retweets bernie sanders, and for a good reason
clinton’s devastating new ad puts trump’s white supremacist ties on full display
neil cavuto gives a huge reality check to college activist who wants free college [video]
why are van loads of illegals being moved and released away from the border?
michelle, sasha and malia will join barack on trip to communist cuba…why not, it’s only the taxpayer’s money
watch msnbc anchor make outrageous claim about her pre-existing condition for obamacare [video]
us media silence as pentagon deploys rangers armoured regiment on the ground in syria
ridiculous! chuck schumer wants republicans to pick another supreme court nominee [video]
morning joe hammers republicans for sucking up to putin
boom! president trump’s national park service cancels taxpayer funding for project honoring violent black panther’s group that killed park ranger
the new cold war: a chilling prospect for the world
whoa! clinton grifters bagged $100 million from “blood minerals” firm
fmr. bush 41 adviser destroys ‘massively ignorant’ donald trump
busted! nancy pelosi claims no meeting with russian ambassador…photo from 2010 proves otherwise! [video]
dwyane wade has some choice words for trump after tweet about cousin
republicans plead with trump, desperate to prevent inevitable brokered gop convention
hillary clinton is apparently eyeing elizabeth warren as a v.p. candidate
oops! sheila jackson lee called the woman she kicked out of first class a racist…too bad she didn’t know this one important thing about the passenger
nyc mayor reveals how he’ll destroy trump’s dangerous idea
just in: uk leader who criticized president trump for tweeting about islamic extremists is victim of assassination plot by islamic extremists
the doj took $7 million taxpayer dollars and started a bonfire…’russian meddling’ probe goes off the rails
breaking: blm rioters have surrounded st. louis mayor’s home…they’re breaking out her windows [video]
leave it to seth meyers to absolutely pummel trump’s obvious racism and fraud
huma abedin and hillary clinton meet at new york office…did hillary wear the drapes home?
amazing 1922 article on hitler perfectly predicts rise of trump
crazed protesters pull down confederate statue in durham…what’s next, the guillotines? [video]
syrian muslim immigrant hairdresser slits female employer’s throat after media hailed him as “example of successful integration”
watch: msnbc’s chris hayes apologizes on air for releasing deceptively edited anti-clinton video
madonna gets real about trump’s presidency, brilliantly puts him on blast
watch: clinton destroys trump and the gop for their stupid response to terrorism
bundy terrorists claim god told them to act like toddlers and take over wildlife refuge
muslim woman kicked out of trump rally speaks out: they asked, ‘do you have a bomb?’
stop raping our women and children…or else: finland’s “soldiers of odin” are defending citizens against muslim migrant rapists
desperate progressives are losing in germany: leftist politician stabs himself 17 times, blames german right-wing extremists
bundy terrorists attend a community meeting, get chewed out by angry residents
watch: van jones says exactly what needs to be said about tonight’s election results in this video
trump faces off with cnn’s jake tapper over event fistacuffs
why is obama disarming cops in america at same time terror threat is being raised?
watch trump fans attack peaceful protesters holding ‘america’s already great’ sign
bernie sanders ‘appears’ on seinfeld and it’s hilarious
evan mcmullin goes there, says what no republican has the balls to about the gop
repeat deceit: how us tries to link iran to al qaeda
tucker carlson destroys smug elector who refuses to vote for trump [video]
supreme court to hear major wisconsin gerrymandering case
lawrence o’donnell brutally sums up how painful it is to be as stupid as trump
revealed: the cia ran lsd sex houses in san francisco in 1950s and 60s
someone posted a photo of steve bannon’s giant face zit and the internet just can’t handle it
ivanka trump ordered some jewelry and got owned by the company’s founders
awesome! sean spicer gives trump’s salary away at press briefing [video]
did obama commit a felony when he sent $400 million to iran? [video]
executive order: obama orders behavioral experiments on americans
bought and paid for: paul ryan met with insurance lobbyists before presenting trumpcare plan
if you cross our borders illegally….you can now land a job teaching in this state
hillary’s secret weapon for the end of her campaign is trump’s biggest piece of kryptonite
breaking: fbi didn’t record hillary interview, didn’t make her swear under oath to tell truth
breaking: hillary makes diverse pick for vp….white, middle-aged career politician
cnn attacks larry wilmore, cancels appearance for mentioning them in comedy skit
fake cnn and msnbc caught claiming “live” guest…but they aired at the same time [video]
brutally honest billboard turns heads in state with exploding muslim immigrant population
radical anti-gun muslim state senator who was arrested while drunk with gun, joins kaepernick’s “disrespect the american flag” movement [video]
breaking: republican governor arrested on multiple charges, gop in chaos
breaking: michelle obama hammers trump’s behavior towards women in tearful condemnation
obama probing putin: orders review of russian hacking, and he wants it done before he leaves office
shifting paradigm: you’ll only understand trump and brexit if you understand the failure of globalization
ted cruz’s crazy dad goes off about what will happen if his son doesn’t win the election
full speech: donald trump speaks to 20,000 plus in mobile, al
“hillary clinton sexually assaulted me!” [video]
[video] “unbiased” oregon rancher and wife, shocked by armed checkpoints, snipers: “you just don’t expect it in our lives…we’re americans….i feel like i’m in africa”
(video) mark steyn on ‘american relevance’ in the world
lol! new video emerges of central park trump assassination play with cnn logo covering trump’s head [video]
watch: things got really awkward when nbc sent hoda over to help spike megyn kelly’s miserable ratings
putin claims to have transcript of white house meeting, available only at trump’s request
‘man bites dog’: new york times does some actual journalism
paul ryan has a request for donald trump, and trump’s campaign won’t like it at all
drudge threatens hillary…he’s about to drop bombshell about her “sex stuff”
obama makes stunning 11th hour gift of massive uranium shipment to iran…as iran develops long-range missile plan
breaking: nyc protest gets ugly: anti-american protesters battle with cops [video]
crooked democrat congresswoman corrine brown found guilty of stealing scholarship money from children…blames racism for verdict
dem senator calls out mike pence for telling a huge lie about trumpcare
trump just started following ‘emergency kittens’ on twitter; it’s pretty damn hilarious
he made a living convincing swede’s that muslims were falsely portrayed…his new job proves everything he said was a lie
boiler room #93 – the outgoing head of hydra
not kidding: [video] jeb bush says we need to pass immigration reform because illegals are “more fertile”
the chilling police abuse footage oakland cops didn’t want you to see
watch: john mccain becomes a confused babbling mess while questioning ‘president’ comey
champion of foreign workers: hillary gets standing ovation in india…”there’s no way to legislate against outsourcing” [video]
obama’s gitmo board releases “high risk” explosive’s expert, al-qaeda trainer
pregnant women infected with zika triples while republicans refuse funding in effort to hurt obama
watch: republican strategist says something about trump on cnn that will spark his next hissy fit
watch insane videos…chicago cop spills the beans about what really happened in chicago
usa today sports columnist calls for tom brady’s head over one thing found in his locker…who does she think she is?
beyond sick! cnn runs segment to explain how obama appointee will take over as president if both trump and pence are assassinated at inauguration [video]
awkward interview time: r & b singer mary j. blige and hillary sit down for a weird singing interview [video]
maine’s gov. lepage owned on live radio by woman who has no insurance thanks to him
watch president obama hilariously destroy trump over his nuclear ideas
matt damon says america needs immediate gun ban after making $50 million killing people with guns in popular movie series
john mccain’s granddaughter shreds donald trump, declares support for hillary
cair controversy after candidate for governor sells ‘isis hunting permit’ [video]
it’s official: trump is potus 45
cnn reporter: victims at las vegas concert were likely trump supporters [video]
ohio elector torches anti-trump letters he received from crybaby liberals [video]
watch sean hannity destroy obama’s economic policy legacy: “the obama nightmare is finally coming to an end!” [video]
breaking udate: iran confirms $1.7 billion was ransom payment for prisoners and not part of “nuclear deal” original story: obama and kerry agree to give iran $1.7 billion u.s. taxpayer dollars as “settlement”
biden destroys trump after he insults veterans
nfl’s newest attention seeker takes place of unemployed kaepernick…calls anyone who disagrees with him “racist”
beyond parody: sean spicer blames obama for trump hiring foreign agent michael flynn
samantha bee goes there in funniest nsfw takedown of trump’s ego yet
“trumpocrats” speak out: lifelong democrats dump hillary…abandon party to support trump [video]
#nevertrump gop delegates: party brass intimidating us into supporting trump
no respect! us diplomat attacked by russian guard…our lame response [video]
anti-trump protester surrounded by mexican flags in ca: “if trump wins he’ll be dead within a week…cartel won’t have his bullsh*t” [video]
hysterical! tucker carlson slams geraldo for putin conspiracy theory: “that’s just dumb!” [video]
watch: victim of las vegas killer gets visit from melania and president trump in hospital…what he said after melania told him not to stand on injured leg is going viral
boiler room ep #111 – build-a-world-order-burger
bad news for trump — mitch mcconnell says no to repealing obamacare in 2018
trump started a war with mcconnell and the oldest gop senator is coming for him guns blazing
steve bannon just made a big announcement about what he’ll be doing after leaving the white house…and it’s very bad news for the left
donald trump gives his first apology ever and swears he’d ‘never lie to you’
trump claims ‘any negative polls’ are ‘fake news’ and gets savaged by the internet
e-mails show coordination between mayor’s office and chicago pd over laquan mcdonald shooting
former watergate prosecutor: mueller could gag trump on russia
report: trump will likely force us taxpayers to pay mexican companies to build his border wall
the future belongs to ai and whoever masters it first will rule the world
trump asks o’reilly, ‘do you think our country is so innocent?’ after pundit calls putin ‘a killer’
sean hannity just got owned by george w. bush’s cia director
chinese media warns of ‘war’ with us following tillerson’s remarks south china sea
boiler room ep #114 – psychos in the compromised media
remember when david letterman hilariously destroyed trump’s china rhetoric?
amy goodman: the corporate media has created ‘trump-land’
lol! one word that describes hillary perfectly appears behind her at rally…she’s not going to like it!
sunday screening: counter intelligence – ‘the company’
tj maxx and marshalls tell employees to trash signs for ivanka trump line, mix line with general merchandise
obama’s response to 8-year-old girl in flint should give us all hope
in the war against isis, trump is already responsible for more civilian deaths than obama
boiler room ep #70 – sticks, stones & the media hammer
dallas maidan: staged snipers designed to inflict 7/7 ‘strategy of tension’
bernie sanders sends a loud and clear message on why trump will not be president
parent furious after 4th grade class joins hateful protestors and teacher in chant on capitol steps: “[governor] walker sucks!”
this cartoon crushes every single talking point the nra can possibly spew following orlando
reckless: clinton presidency could mean u.s. muslim population would exceed germany’s 4.8 million [video]
boiler room ep #68 – 4 non-binary blondes & social justice triggly convulsions
boom! john sununu: “bothers me that mueller is hiring “blatantly biased lawyers” [video]
trump accuses american soldiers of stealing millions of dollars of aid money in iraq
obama’s backdoor gun confiscation: 260,000 veterans stripped of second amendment rights
cuba still a commie hellhole after obama’s “normalization”: 4 years in the slammer for “social dangerousness”
hillary’s ‘russian hack’ hoax: the biggest lie of this election season
“convert or die” and “the caliphate is here”…muslim immigrants “mark” swedish christian shop owner’s buildings with graffiti
orrin hatch shuts down liberal hack comparing neil gorsuch to merrick garland: “it’s total b.s.!” [video]
lol! donald trump jr. has hilarious response to dinesh d’souza’s tweet about donna brazile fearing for her life for crossing hillary
karma comes for trump, congressional committees want to see comey ‘tapes’
shocker: public school turns computer lab into mosque…bars non-muslim students [video]
usa today caught fabricating story about innocent “dreamer” being deported…here’s the truth [video]
boom! harris faulkner blows up the russia collusion theory with one smart question [video]
hacked! commie george soros hacked by dc leaks!
this staggering ruling makes it legal for cops to kill unarmed, homeless people
watch malcolm nance wipe the floor with breitbart editor in bill maher’s overtime
alec baldwin returns to snl to blast trump’s humiliatingly terrible calls with world leaders
watch: morning joe hosts urge republicans to abandon trump after fbi director comey’s testimony
right-wing sheriff: we don’t need rape kits, most allegations false
bigot obama excluded white christians in list of possible cabinet positions…favored muslims
top 5 ways trump can cut waste asap!
racism wins the day as s.c. prepares to vote for trump
new book reveals hillary’s anti-semitic side: blamed bill’s campaign manager for losing congressional race…called him a “f*cking jew b*stard”
liberals are going to be furious over what this texan’s t-shirt said during live tv interview
new york magazine confirms: trump literally only cares about one thing, and it’s not winning
florida goper wants lgbt flag removed because she spoke with one christian who found it offensive
bernie’s world: socialism forces venezuelans to eat dogs, cats and birds, “we are hungry”
academy award winning actor in harvey weinstein’s new batman movie once denounced pedophilia hysteria…claimed: “children under 16 [yrs old] are immensely attractive”
trump’s grand entrance to the rnc is getting the brutal mockery it deserves
video surfaces of disgraced alleged pedophile kevin spacey laughing about killing trump
fbi says dem presidential frontrunner hillary could face 10 years in prison…fbi furious as obama interferes with investigation
watch obama admit to rigged elections in 2008: “whenever people are in power, they have this tendency to try to tilt things in their direction.” [video]
live electoral vote count tallies…update: trump 306, hillary 224
trump can’t decide which lie to stick to regarding his claim that obama founded isis
people are queuing up to get this trump tattoo and donald is not going to like it
great answer! trump’s response to question from bbc reporter: “this was your choice of a question, there goes that relationship!”
chicago thug president personally leaked chuck schumer’s opposition to his dangerous iran deal
florida governor goes off on obama: “the second amendment didn’t kill any of these individuals…radical islam killed them” [video]
devin nunes’ credibility is officially shattered – new york times reveals the scope of his lies
boom! john sununu: “bothers me that mueller is hiring “blatantly biased lawyers” [video]
breaking: video released of angry leftist mob attacking home of chicago lawmaker with rocks, torches
even staunch republican ben stein says he’d support sanders or clinton over trump
trump fan openly admits to planning ‘assassination on’ hillary ‘if she’s elected’
cover-up? new details from orlando shooter’s crisis call casts light on fbi
trump suggests people should sue abc news after massive stock market crash triggered by #fakenews report on michael flynn
democrat rep: sexual assault is a woman’s fault if she appears ‘inviting’ [video]
trump’s bizarre behavior at g7 leaves the world questioning his health
walmart will melt class rings with confederate flag: [video] refuses to fulfill order for arkansas woman…will refund payment
cnn’s fake news backfires! cnn legal analyst agrees with trump on fbi, doj: “off the rails!” [video]
lol! dem operative tied to hillary quits after he’s caught discussing voter fraud efforts on undercover tape [video]
white police officer fired after threatening black child on facebook
#anyonebuthillary: new poll shows bernie supporters won’t vote for hillary…who they’ll vote for if hillary’s the nominee may surprise you
trump says one ‘exception’ to muslim ban is his ‘very rich’ middle eastern business partners
watch: speaker ryan slams trump for ‘racism,’ still backs him for president
trump screams on twitter after seeing a poll on fox news
hot or not? are trump properties selling like hotcakes? [video]
media lie exposed: dad of 3 year old drowned syrian boy was really going to europe to get teeth fixed [video]
trey gowdy reminds comey it’s 10 years in jail for obama officials who leaked info [video]
how failed democrat leadership is taking nyc back to pre-[rudy] gilliani era
the video hillary clinton does not want you to see
zbigniew brzezinski, globalist scion, dies at age 89
smart cities, androids, technocracy, kevin spacey, corey feldman: boiler room ep #134
why hillary loves the idea of barack obama as supreme court justice
vanity fair leaves melania off “best dressed” list…but look who did make the list
hysterical! trump life: “there ain’t a brother bigger, stronger, and more gangsta than donald j. trump” [video]
obama’s crooked doj hides massive hillary scandal: “the u.s. government spent millions of dollars, went all over the world to bankrupt him, and destroyed his life — all to protect hillary clinton’s crimes”
watch: anti-gun rapper, obama-fanboy snoop dogg uses gun to assassinate president trump in new video
fbi says dem presidential frontrunner hillary could face 10 years in prison…fbi furious as obama interferes with investigation
flashback! bill clinton: “i did not have sexual relations with that woman” [video]
wow! former liberal and black panther exposes phony “black lies matter” [video]
a whopping 0% of black voters in ohio and pennsylvania support trump
boiler room ep #115 – very fake news & the slaughter of innocence
henningsen on u.s. vs north korea: ‘wouldn’t you want a nuclear deterrent?’
why did friends and family protect muslim bonnie and clyde from authorities?
right-wing boogeyman george soros pops out to scare conservatives by calling out trump
american workers scr@wed over by outsourcing jobs get their day in court
rachel maddow announces plan to reveal trump’s tax returns…hey maddow, you might want to rethink that felony.
kellyanne conway: “where the hell were those democrats when veterans were dying waiting for care?”
psycho cop drags handcuffed nurse from hospital for not letting him violate patient’s rights
breaking: uk prime minister david cameron to step down…ukip leader nigel barage celebrates political earthquake…donald trump weighs in [video]
martin ‘pharma bro’ shkreli gets royally owned on twitter, and he can’t take it
democrat accused of sexual harassment just threatened ‘many members’ who also have allegations against them
has espn’s “arthur ashe courage award” become the gay-transgender award?
court forces ohio to allow millions of illegally purged voters back on the rolls
watch: fox news host loses her sh*t, says investigating russia for hacking our election is unpatriotic
viral picture shows just how messed up things are in obama’s america
clinton campaign has been collecting dirt, ready to take on donald trump
republicans are now threatening to kill transgender students at this university
watch: angry muslims tell christians they will take over britain
unreal! obama using gov’t grants to rob and redistribute taxpayer dollars to his cronies and fellow “community agitators”
u.s. apologizes for human rights violations at u.n. review to countries with worse human rights violations
hey rachel maddow…while you’re on the subject of taxes…what about tax evading hosts at msnbc?
must watch video! here’s the most important and dangerous thing obama and clinton have in common
wikileaks admits to screwing up immensely with twitter poll on hillary’s health
you won’t believe why students in communist wisconsin are no longer allowed to chant “u.s.a.” at sporting events [video]
italians furious! have you ever dreamed of living free of charge in a 4-star seaside resort in italy?…become a refugee and you can!
vp mike pence stops for bbq before super bowl…crowd gives him a huge cheer at game [video]
rosie o’donnell, broadway stars host concert ‘celebrating’ hillary but bash trump
watch: keith olbermann flays trump for helping our enemies
you’ll love mike rowe’s awesome response to angry liberal claiming american flag is a ‘mere symbol’
oink, oink! 2015 pig book shows lawmakers appropriating gluttonous spending
hollywood race war heats up: full metal jacket actor shuts down race-baiting hotel rwanda star
‘how to move to canada’ internet searches go through the roof after trump’s super tuesday success (images/video)
you’re gonna want to see the obamas reading ‘where the wild things are’ to kids
alabama supreme court shocks conservatives with this latest ruling
hillary delayed telling staff her vp pick, instead left roses for orlando victims
chilling photo captures female suicide bomber carrying baby moments before she blows both of them up
habitual liar: remember the touching story hillary told about helping a little girl in a wheelchair? it was all a lie…here’s proof! [video]
sweden loses 14,000 refugees slated for deportation: “we simply do not know where they are”
listen: dispatch audio reveals cop who killed philando castile clearly racially profiled
president obama reveals what clinton’s private email server did to national security
donald trump lied about supporting the iraq war
viral video: man calls out black lives matter for not helping louisiana flood victims
anti-trump protester’s x-rated comment angers msnbc anchor: “grow the hell up!”
mockingbird mirror: declassified docs depict deeper link between the cia and american media
supreme court unanimously rejects republican’s latest election rigging scheme
breaking: federal court rules on nsa’s warrantless collection of data…
third-rate actor who called his 11-yr old daughter a “rude thoughtless pig” defends liberal pig “isis kathy” who attacked trump’s 11-year old son
judge jeanine unloads on hillary: “how did you go from being ‘dead broke’ to being worth over $200 million while in government?”[video]
boom! fed judge ruling unblocks trump travel ban…asks aclu lawyer: “where does it say muslim countries?”
picture of cop walking son to school on day he was murdered appears on social media same day media trashed trump over joke he made to cops about getting tough on criminals who kill innocent people
watch: trump just told all the anti-gay bigots and mike pence to go f*ck themselves
[video] hecklers taunt hillary at campaign stop: “who wiped the blood off your hands hillary?”
cnn’s don lemon tries to downplay horrific ‘anti-trump’ torture of mentally disabled man
see who sarah palin just compared donald trump to – it will make you queasy
shout! poll: who do you trust with foreign policy?
live electoral vote count tallies…update: trump 306, hillary 224
hey #nfl…can you hear us now? monday night football’s ratings plummet
donald trump’s claim that he’s the strongest gop candidate ever is bulls*it
here it is: list of democrat hypocrites who voted to filibuster gw bush’s final supreme court pick
watch: trump’s deplorable fans attack mom and her disabled daughter for leaving rally
horrible! maxine waters calls trumps “kremlin klan” a “bunch of scumbags” [video]
wow! wikileaks emails shows how hillary will bankrupt gun manufactures by executive order [video]
christian charity president embezzled the entire fund to finance sex addiction
hillary appears wearing “anti-seizure” sunglasses (again) in memorial day parade
breaking: worldstar hip hop site releases rap video…blames “hypocrite” hillary for not acknowledging bill clinton’s black son…doesn’t care about blacks [video]
muslim refugees go on hunger strike: demand $2000 euros per month…what they do next is more outrageous…
most of those ‘latinos for trump’ signs at the rnc weren’t held by latinos
clinton and associates’ education ponzi scheme
lol! hillary gets ambushed at book signing…”where’s the 33,000 emails? what happened to seth rich?”
buffalo bills coach gives donald trump the weirdest rally introduction ever
happy 2016! republicans already promise to be f*cking useless this year
breaking: winning! senate confirms senator jeff sessions…here’s why the left is freaking out [video]
peace prize president obama approved $200 billion in arms deals since 2009
trump whines about the size of his inauguration crowd, threatens media for reporting accurate numbers
shout poll: will donald trump hold his lead, or will he tank?
your taxes buy billionaires stadiums, they charge you $7 for a hot dog — obama says no more
remember when bernie sanders was literally slapped in the face by the establishment?
breaking: starbucks ceo to step down after pledge to hire 10,000 refugees backfires
how hillary’s anti-cop past and support for violent black lives matter will destroy her presidential ambitions [video]
wow! local official stunned when he sees name written by a parent on halloween tombstone for school fundraiser
epic! tucker takes on the terror appeasers on the left: if you ‘really care’ about america, you won’t let it become europe [video]
boston globe goes #nevertrump on its front page, you have to see this
lavar ball: here’s why president trump was under no legal obligation to help release your shoplifting son from chinese prison
chris cuomo slams trump for promising “a lot of things that can’t be done” in energy speech
“dirty jobs” host mike rowe absolutely destroys guy who called him a white nationalist
watch: trump’s chief of staff john kelly just admitted that he doesn’t think there was anything wrong with slavery
the horrifying reality of executions in this state has been uncovered, but it’s unlikely to stop
caught on video: tour bus passenger wrestles large knife away from islamist [video]
donald trump tells veterans that he’s just as brave as them because he’s rich
trump rally nearly turns into a full-blown race war in st. louis
exclusive: “america 2021” hilarious poem describes what america looks like after 4 years of president trump
stephen colbert’s response to his vulgar remarks about trump made americans want him fired even more…#firecolbert [video]
bigot cashier loses it on gay customer, refuses service
busted: young nj democrat chairman caught punching 75 yr old blind veteran volunteering at polls [video]
here are three of the white supremacists on twitter that have inspired trump
watch: little girl heartbroken after finding out obama will no longer be president
boom! hey democrats….why the violent riots? young american proves dems really don’t care about jobs, helping minorities or women [video]
introducing: hamish “the illusion” patterson
trump keeps shooting himself in the foot with tweets because he doesn’t know when to shut up
follow the money: mexican giveaway of millions of flat screen tv’s to the poor raises questions
non-transgender woman harassed in bathroom after donating hair to cancer patients
breaking: iran throws down ultimatum: …your move barry
crosstalk: who are the real ‘fake news’ culprits?
brainwashed marine cries ‘benghazi!’ at bill clinton, gets shut down
virginia republican says conservatives own christianity in attack on obama for citing bible
dem party official, chair of black caucus, bernie sanders supporter calls reactions to shooting of republican steve scalise, “so funny”…refuses to resign
just in: video shows obama state department telling reporters they have no problem with general flynn contacting foreign officials
secret government surveillance program in public spaces exposed: “they put microphones under rocks, they put microphones in trees” [video]
obama’s justice dept. grants immunity to staffer who set up clinton e-mail server
vietnam vet, military “lifer” destroys crybaby democrats in scathing letter: “i sometimes wonder if i’ll get to heaven, but if i go to hell, i’m sure i’ll still be a few hundred floors above that bastard…”
the pathetic list of supplies the oregon ‘patriots’ brought with them to last the winter
watch elizabeth warren destroy donald trump in epic tweetstorm
this one picture describes the failure of the republican party
‘cards against humanity’ maker has amazingly annoying way to force gopers to hold town halls
just four home loans were given to african-americans in this major city in a whole year
four teens arrested for having sex in front of beachgoers in cape cod, as drunken crowd cheered them on [video]
the last time this happened, it signaled the global financial crash of 2008. now, it’s happening again.
mike ditka slams nfl players: “no oppression in last 100 years”…”if you don’t respect our country, then you shouldn’t be in this country playing football”
report: team trump just hired a crackpot anti-muslim conspiracy theorist to advise on national security
ny daily news devotes most brilliant cover yet to michelle obama: ‘the lady is her champ!’
why is al sharpton’s “half-brother” registering thousands of felons to vote in alabama’s controversial senate race? [video]
trump asks congress to investigate former obama administration
classic trump! president trump announces where he’ll be on eve of white house correspondents dinner…check mate!
wow! this video might explain why #unfithillary is taking weekends off from campaigning…caught grasping for railings, table, chairs, anything to hold herself up
former secretary of defense gates rips into obama for putting politics over our troops [video]
tulsi gabbard triggers the war hawks with her based skepticism
religious bigots angry at beyonce, coldplay for ‘promoting homosexuality’ at superbowl 50
breaking: wikileaks releases hillary’s speech to brazilian bankers: “my dream is open borders”
conservatives who disrupted trump assassination play speak out: “it was like a gang stabbing…i watched everyone cheering his death, laughing, clapping along…children in the audience. it made my blood run cold…no better than isis” [video]
[video] in one of the darkest corners of the world, an iraqi archbishop makes a beautiful music video to give christian refugees hope
florida governor goes off on obama: “the second amendment didn’t kill any of these individuals…radical islam killed them” [video]
watch trump call cnn “hateful and angry” – jake tapper proves him right [video]
crybaby democrat congress to wear safety pins for security from republicans….waaaaaaaa!
trump’s administration was just caught up in prostitution scandal; here’s how it went down
president promotes made in america: omaha steaks owner “wanted to kiss me” for reopening trade with china [video]
jimmy kimmel reads his second book to donald trump: winners still aren’t losers [video]
(video) judge jeanine full interview with donald trump brings up painful personal memory
ivanka trump brand sued after massive sales surge…restraining order requested to prevent sales in state of ca
clinton trolls trump with awesome new website
wow! trey gowdy on harry reid’s attack on jim comey: “i didn’t know mormons used drugs” [video]
donald trump shames kids for not registering to vote for him: ‘they feel very, very guilty’
why ag lynch should recuse herself from clinton e-mail probe asap! [video]
church that has never paid taxes demands taxpayer money for playground
album sales skyrocket! a star is born with one awesome grammys dress
trump advisers explain why he didn’t practice for debate and it’s insane
#blacklivesmatter supporters say no connection to cop killers…why we beg to differ
sub-humans: surveillance video captures 4 black males brutally beating 37-yr old white male, break his bones, steal his wallet, after offering to help pay for their meals
breaking: republicans embrace trump’s lies, will investigate ‘campaign surveillance’ as part of russia probe
hilarious! liberals stunned when republican guest won’t play race-baiting game with msnbc host…cuts off interview [video]
msnbc’s mika attacks melania trump…a furious melania issues immediate response
gop gives trump the middle finger, prepares to launch probe into russia
desperate republicans meet with romney to discuss independent run
tiffany trump and her mother just tried to get an expensive service for free because they’re rich
trump supporters fight back! ca congresswoman walks off stage after trump supporters shout “we love trump”…”respect our president” [video]
hillary supporters launch vile attack on woman hillary “threatened” for coming forward with rape allegations against bill clinton: “hillary should have beat her up, not ‘silenced’ her. liar”
when huma met hillary: “oh my god, she’s so beautiful and she’s so little!”
mike huckabee thinks poor americans benefit from treating them like we ‘train dogs’
watch: hundreds of illegal aliens storm senate building demanding citizenship…where the heck is i.c.e.?
syria ceasefire? lavrov, kerry agree to fight al-nusra, no strikes on ‘rebels,’ aleppo relief
the fbi just received a voter suppression complaint that will terrify trump
i let a pit bull near my baby, and this is what happened
senator delivers scathing rebuke to his gop colleagues – ‘no one is safe’ because of you
this man reveals the raw, terrifying truth about what really goes on at trump rallies
hysterical! pro-cop billboard causes controversy and offends liberals…but you’ll love it!
boom! conservative support grows for rino john mccain’s republican opponent
more winning! after 14 year ban, china welcomes back us beef to their multibillion-dollar market
kellyanne conway says private d.c. schools want her kids as much as we want trump – they don’t
report: donald trump tried to back out of pence announcement
gop governor’s sr. aide admits running government like a business is a disaster
united airlines kicks toddler out of $969 seat for standby passenger [video]
wow! pro-castro leftist: cubans fled castro to escape annoying wife and family [video]
watch: hispanic parents make shocking video teaching 3 yr old to say “we have to kill donald trump”
trump comes unglued once again in ongoing feud with ‘crazy’ ‘morning joe’ hosts
boiler room #66 – globo-terror & the pokego-pocalypse
watch: deplorable trump supporter punches protester and slaps woman at rally
fire this guy! muslim cnn host tweets out vile response to president trump’s tweet after #londonbridge terror attack
body language expert gives clear examples of susan rice lying about trump surveillance during interview [video]
watch: ted cruz skewers dems for hypocritical questioning of supreme court nominee [video]
unreal! pro-cuba travel at pbs and nbc: “cuba has so much going for it: it’s proudly communist…” [video]
shocking testimony confirms comey used fake russian “golden showers” dossier to target trump [video]
st paul, mn public schools ‘white privilege’ training asks teachers: “when do you wear the hood?”
gop freak show? watch ted cruz have the uncanny ability to speak out of his ass
nation of islam joins #blacklivesmatter terrorists to shut down chicago’s popular “miracle mile” on busiest shopping day of year [videos and photos]
second twin falls sexual assault case…mohammed hussein i. eldai faces felony charges for sexual assault of “mentally retarded” woman
cnn interview turns into screaming match when activist director argues new “irrelevant” footage of michael brown is game changer [video]
trump is now talking about going to war with three countries
cruz supporter blasts trump’s wife for being foreign, makes sexist attack
former asst fbi director warns anti-trump kabal: “something is about to happen” [video]
trump’s moronic ‘fake news’ attacks accidentally send new york times subscriptions ‘though the roof’
new accusation against bernie sanders exposes him as “the other” criminal democrat
trump says republican ‘make america sick again’ bill is ‘wonderful,’ stands by utter failure
take it down! blm supporter, dem congressman hangs cop-hating, race-baiting art-work in u.s. capitol building
black congressman plans to file lawsuit because of removal of “police as pigs” painting from capitol building [video]
unreal! grifter bill clinton makes $16 million from people in high government places
survey: top ten fears of 2015
boycott! goldman sachs uses union thug tactics against top employees to prop-up #wallstreethillary [video]
lol! un refugee spokes-celebrity angelina jolie admonishes u.s. for “undermining international law” by resisting flow of muslim refugees
all six oscar nominees for best foreign film slam trump and his hate in epic letter
it begins: new york school scheduled to set aside special classrooms for muslim prayer
trump comes back roaring: calls out “alt-left” and “fake news” [video]
that’s gonna leave a mark…anti-trump punks attack ca police…get big surprise when cops hit back! [video]
top 10 pictures : putin vs. “mommy pants” obama
huffington post waves white flag…calls race for trump…”journalists” pack for canada
watch giddy republican congressman confirm voter id is meant to hurt democrats
gangs involved in huge biker brawl have “toned down their threats” after warning police of retaliation and threat to kill “anyone in uniform”
hillary clinton gives lame excuse for why she lied to the families of benghazi victims [video]
flyer on college campus advocates using baseball bat on anyone wearing a trump hat
this kansas republican thought touting ‘profound’ hitler quote was a good idea – it wasn’t
colleges may be forced to stop pushing qualified white students to back of line.. doj will take on affirmative action in college admissions
jared kushner’s excuse for the russian meeting would get most people fired
americans were asked by a poll to pick one word to describe trump, and the result will enrage him
black student ‘activist’ jailed for tweeting fake racist threats
what donald trump will do for christmas now that he’s president-elect [video]
boom! trump hits back at ucla player’s father for dissing his efforts to get son released from china
you’ll never guess who the new york times is blaming for north korea’s decades-long famine
moms with transgender kids have a brilliant message for anti-lgbt conservatives
maxine waters threatens to ‘take trump out’…pumps fist [video]
obama’s revealing letter to brother tells why barack got into politics
philadelphia new year’s parade ruined by racist white people in brownface
look who “the view” hired to replace only “conservative” on their panel after she dared to ask hillary the wrong question [video]
watch: obama takes a perfect shot at trump’s never ending tweeting
brutal meme shows exactly what a hillary presidency would look like
flashback: espn female reporter still employed after being caught on video berating garage attendant…curt schilling fired after sharing conservative views on facebook
sketchy firm behind salacious allegations against trump tries to pull a fast one on senate judiciary committee
rush to finish: obama slaps $5 billion in regulations on america before exit
bravo! trump’s inaugural bishop speaks out: “i’ve been called a sellout” but “we’re supposed to love everyone!” [video]
republicans block young voters from participating in ohio primary
flint residents told to pay bills for poison water or they may have their children taken away
sony desperately trying to kill ‘borat’ actor’s new movie because of scene where trump gets aids
watch: cbs “this morning” hack hosts beg bernie sanders to say president trump is visiting flood victims “too early”
trump dominates south carolina, dooming the republican party
saudi billionaire who used sharia law to make fortune, donates $10 million to yale university to build islamic law center
boom! consumer confidence soars to level americans haven’t seen since another republican was president…media silent
voting machines stolen in controversial ga election where dems hope to embarrass trump with 30-yr old jon ossoff win
fidel castro mocks president obama…blasts him for meddling in communist country’s affairs
miami police union leader joins other conservatives in bashing nfl for las vegas massacre
iraqi pm rebuffs u.s. decree that ‘foreign shia militias’ should leave country
watch: intolerant gay coffee shop owner screams profanities at christian pro-life group, kicks them out of business: “i’m gay. you have to leave”
(video) ice director: agents could be fired if they don’t enforce obama’s lawless immigration policy
is conservative news being punished for trump win? facebook developing feature to promote “handpicked” news, videos in users news feeds
trump’s ‘illegal votes’ lie just turned the whole recount issue into one long alex jones episode
‘sleepy’ justice ginsburg: excites crowd by saying she’d back abolition of the electoral college [video]
trump comes out swinging: watch announcement on taxes and regulation…this leader means business! [video]
whoa! democratic strategist gives crooked hillary the ultimate smack down
why americans should care that facebook’s ceo is threatening users against muslim refugee “hate speech”
military officials: trump lied, botched yemen raid yielded no significant intelligence at all
protesters welcome trump home to his golden tower with the best #resistance display yet
shocking must watch video: muslim leaders just openly declared war on the american population﻿
president trump and first lady meet with vegas victims, civilian heroes and first responders [video]
oregon takes in jaw-dropping amount of tax revenue from legal marijuana sales
fmr. nyc mayor michael bloomberg is troubled by trump, plans to endorse clinton at dnc
hillary rushed to london hospital…here’s why [video]
clinton ties with trump in the very republican state of georgia
father of benghazi victim ty woods speaks up against hillary: “my son would still be alive…” [video]
two dozen cops across five california precincts had sex with teenager
here’s how trump is going to f*ck us into wwiii, and it doesn’t actually start in the middle east
hilarious! tennessee responds to california’s ‘foolish’ travel ban: keep your ‘unfounded moral judgment’ to yourself
can someone please explain how this fairly accurate cartoon is “racist”?
this new poll is terrific news for democrats, really bad news for trump
sean hannity swears he’ll ‘stop petty political disagreements for 12 hours,’ miserably fails
judiciary member: why was fbi’s case on clinton labelled ‘special’ status? [video]
watch: adorable baby bald eagle hatches from its egg
cleveland bills tamir rice’s family $500 for an unbelievable reason
watch: bernie sanders absolutely berns donald trump during interview
ted cruz bashes michelle obama in lame attempt to be student body president
watch: fox news host viciously attacks michelle obama in highly disrespectful rant
hillary clinton: ‘israel first’
ammon bundy has suddenly had a change of heart about that whole ‘dying for freedom’ thing
trump tries shaming nfl with video of hockey fans standing for anthem and humiliates himself
refugee rape is such a risk in sweden that the police are giving this shocking warning to women
senior gop senator says trump is too stupid to collude with russians
ivanka trump just admitted that she likes her dad calling her a ‘piece of a**’
trump just met with airline execs, ruins meeting with insanely unpresidential rant
lol! ivanka trump has all-female security detail in japan…leftist rag the washington post calls it “kind of sexist”
department store mannequins changed to give nazi salute…shoppers ignore
new obama rule will stop republicans from defunding planned parenthood – forever
“so rude!” nancy pelosi’s daughter blasted by maria bartiromo [video]
the look on the japanese leader’s face after meeting with trump says everything
released emails show carly fiorina illegally working with her super pac
judge napolitano on bombshell that intel isn’t telling trump information: “there’s only one president” [video]
bill o’reilly releases never before seen pictures of obama in muslim dress…says they prove “deep emotional ties to islam” [video]
disney sells disgusting new book teaching “liberal and progressive” thought…targets 0-2 yr old babies
oops! gop governor who called for trump to “step aside” after taped sexual remarks forced to resign after embarrassing audio tape proves involvement in sex scandal
new york times publishes fake story about donald trump jr…makes small retraction at bottom of page
(video) watch hillary meets with black lives matter thugs because black primary votes matter
attention starved gas bag sheila jackson lee kneels and pulls race card on house floor [video]
breaking news: violent g-20 protesters trap melania in hotel
feds: dozens of muslim girls had genitals mutilated at michigan clinic…the landmark defense is shocking
‘racist’ and ‘reprehensible’: how joe biden just took trump down
with zero liability, a gun was just made to look like this toy
are angry leftists planning violent communist revolution?…“it is their goal to “block, obstruct, disrupt” trump’s inauguration
la republican proposes banning strippers over 160 lbs, age 28
why is loretta lynch opening for one of the biggest black lives matter leaders? is this an endorsement?
watch: sexist breitbart editor gets his a** handed to him by abc reporter
the changing face of mainstream media?
germany’s angela merkel makes incredibly naive announcement: every migrant must leave…after this one condition is met…
megyn kelly caves to trump, holds secret meeting rumored to be interview request
watch: last week giants’ odell beckham jr., “peed” on the field, raised a “black power” fist, and kneeled for our national anthem…today, he left the field crying like a baby
prof michel chossudovsky discusses hillary clinton’s foreign policy & emerging nuclear risks
(video) liberal pundit: obama worst potus ever
trump wins! supreme court rules on travel ban in unanimous decision [video]
breaking update…last holdout: “i declare war against the united states government…liberty or death”…clive bundy arrested on way to malheur wildlife refuge…reverend franklin graham arrives on scene…oregon standoff live feed…slow motion video of lavoy finicum shooting death by fbi
how obama’s broken u.s. deportation process and canada’s open-door immigration policy are responsible for horrifying act of terror by somali immigrant
army threatens green beret war hero with court martial for whistleblowing on failed hostage rescue
radical nyc mayor skips nypd swearing in ceremony to join violent g-20 protesters in germany…gop mayoral candidate slams him on social media
hilarious twitter thread imagines donald trump as a founding father
hypocrites! check out massive structure party of open-borders built to keep legal citizens out of dnc
anthony scaramucci just said some weird stuff about steve bannon’s ‘c*ck’
bernie sanders explains the exact reason trump won’t debate him
a mom brings a truth bomb to the bathroom controversy and it goes viral…awesome!
california assembly passes major legislation to keep trump off the ballot in 2020
nancy pelosi, democrats and antifa force conservative prayer group to cancel event because “a lot of innocent people were going to get hurt”
south korea uses hilarious technique to taunt north korea after soldier escapes kim jong un’s hell [video]
trump reveals the one thing to stop him from debating hillary and it’s ridiculous
fbi director james comey: ‘trust, but protect’
unreal! cnn anchor claims trump has committed “treason”…former attorney general shoots back: “where is the crime?” [video]
florida doctor fired for attacking uber driver
trump claims hillary was involved in disappearance of egyptair flight
you’re fired: trump dumps corey lewandowski as campaign manager
valerie jarrett discusses possibility of michelle obama’s run for office with msnbc media ally, says trump’s win was”gut-wrenching” [video]
angelina jolie humiliated barack obama on world stage over weak leadership on terrorism
miss me yet? cnn poll shows america had a different idea about that whole ‘hope and change’ thing
pence does his best trump impression; demands apology from ap over email story
elderly california man just savaged a gop congressman to his face
why these army rotc cadets were pressured into wearing heels will have you seeing red…
the view dingbats descend on faux conservative host after she calls comey a “coward” [video]
the video liberals don’t want you to see: lil wayne tells how a white cop saved his life…”i don’t know what racism is”
fbi agent drops fatal truth bomb about what the bureau is doing to hillary clinton
(video) bravo! tv host scorches obama for his response to chattanooga terrorist attack
former cia chief blasts trump’s speech to boy scouts: ‘like watching a dictator’
jimmy fallon roasts donald trump with this genius prank phone call
boiler room – ep #59 – the loss and curse of patriotism
mark steyn and tucker carlson have epic exchange on russia idiocy: “cnn is flying the network into a black hole and the only plot twist left is anderson cooper and elmo in a spaceship” [video]
trump just f*cked up his spelling so badly the dictionary mocked him on twitter
donald trump throws hissy fit on air after being asked about his racism on npr
how obama made it possible for protesters to be arrested and sent to jail for disrupting trump rallies
why are van loads of illegals being moved and released away from the border?
fake bomb incident wasn’t first time muslim clock boy was in trouble
republicans hold cpac event in a gun free zone, reach new level of hypocrisy
you’re fired! why the white house just fired a senior national security aide
microsoft pulls new a.i. robot after it went on pro-hitler twitter rant
ricky gervais slams ‘future president’ donald trump’s racism at golden globes
obama brags about hijacking 1.35 million acres in utah, nevada…despite opposition…posts wrong picture of land
anti-obama espn host cuts off singer as he begins passionate speech on universal healthcare
charlie manson, serial killers, lsd, hippie culture, cults and bitcoin explosion – boiler room ep #138
brutally honest billboard turns heads in state with exploding muslim immigrant population
desperate: trump doubles down on wiretap lie, says he will ‘be proven right’
foreign born alien with 4 felonies arrested for brutal beating and rape of women who was helping him
unhinged dem hijacks tucker…refuses to leave show after heated argument [video]
watch: fox host stuart varney agrees that trump won’t make america great by insulting people
shocker: public school turns computer lab into mosque…bars non-muslim students [video]
ned ryun on white house leaks: “this is not whistleblowing. this is weaponizing classified info to undermine a duly-elected president” [video]
did hillary clinton really break her toe? [video]
republican senator admits supreme court blockade is about keeping it conservative
boiler room – ep #52 – never ending chaos
21wire.tv members newsletter – sept 9, 2016
trump nailed it! everyone’s calling this the best line of the night..mic drop moment…[video]
katie hopkins warns americans of grave danger ahead: “do not let this great country become the united kingdom” [video]
chuck schumer responds to trump with tweet of his own about putin and it’s f*cking glorious
what? first graders asked not to use the words ‘god’, ‘jesus’ or ‘devil’ in class [video]
breaking update : police officer has died… [video] passing motorists tackle man after shooting officer in head during traffic stop….officer in critical condition
a brutally honest message to black american men from a conservative black american
tyra for trump hammers the media on their bias against trump! [video]
white house now planting fake stories to discredit reporters who expose trump’s bullsh*t
kid rock unloads on colin kaepernick at packed fenway park concert…crowd goes wild! [video]
gop debate moderator: facts are totally irrelevant during republican debates
watch: trump get his a** handed to him by chris cuomo for crying ‘fake news’ during broadcast
msnbc skewers donald trump for accusing them of editing abortion question
macy’s celebrates america’s independence by putting illegal aliens first
breaking news: n. american family held hostage during obama presidency rescued in pakistan: “this is a country that did not respect us, this is a country that respects us now” [video]
watch: unfortunate bug lands in trump’s hair during rally, can’t seem to escape
another clinton casualty? activist murdered after openly blaming hillary for meddling role in honduran coup [video]
watch: bernie sanders supporter wants you to pay off her $226k debt…wait till you see what a job with her degree pays
bombshell: trump lied – his ‘armada’ was not headed toward north korea at all
people are posting photos of their food to mock starving people in syria (images/video)
hippie throwback: video and photos emerge of socialist punk, bernie sanders being cuffed and arrested
hillary panders to black radio hosts in attempt to tie herself to racist beyonce song…host asks if she needs mouth to mouth or cpr? [watch]
kellyanne conway announces trump’s huge ‘thank you’ gift to putin, and it’s treasonous as f*ck
watch: corporate ceos shock trump’s economic adviser with truth about gop tax cuts
whoa! new shock poll shows iowa voters are shifting to a new gop candidate by a wide margin
trump meets with tech giants: “everybody in this room has to like me” [video]
the next fox news? why facebook is sucking up to conservatives
trump supporter threatens montel williams so he publicly humiliates her into oblivion
trump hires son’s wedding planner to run new york housing department
u.n. amb nikki haley shows photos…shocks u.n. security council “we will continue to see pictures that we can’t unsee” [video]
hillary clinton snags coveted endorsement of the congressional black caucus
[video] trump embarrasses cnn…again! when will they learn trump’s not playing by their rules?
bonkers! watch msnbc anchor lawrence o’donnell’s unhinged outtakes [video]
trump supporter unleashes explosive racism on hispanic family at jcpenney
‘i’m not a racist’: trump campaign official blames media for racist tirade against the obamas
watch: remember when president clinton took credit for ending nuclear threats from north korea?
hillary’s right-hand woman: huma abedin’s job at a radical muslim journal calls into question security clearance for state department
the daily show destroys republican claims that democrats are the real racists
the new american mediocrity: ash carter vs dr. strangelove
watch: meghan mccain rips into joy behar for her embarrassing reaction to brian ross’ fake news report on “the view”
gop’s anti-cop candidate? video shows john kasich calling police officer “an idiot” for enforcing the law
trump melts down on vacation, tries to pretend he’s actually working
the brutal truth about why kids love bernie sanders
report: russia probe gets even hotter as investigators go after trump’s own attorney
syrian refugee who shocked cnn anchor is back! slams obama’s policy on syria: obama tarnished america’s image [video]
is a revolution coming? former congressman throws down gauntlet on obama’s executive gun grab: “it’s war, defy his executive actions”
state of oregon takes kids from loving parent’s home because they’re “not intelligent enough” to raise children
(video) huckster al sharpton: climate change is a ‘civil rights issue’…blacks suffer most
scholastic yanks children’s book for its portrayal of happy slaves
guess who’s behind sickening ad showing boy being bullied because his dad didn’t vote [video]
teachers give students outrageous religious ed assignment: write letter to parents saying you’ve converted to islam
watch veteran rip trump a new one: i defended this country alongside the people you hate
media goes nuts after trump tweets hilarious video showing him body-slamming cnn
new poll: clinton picks up unprecedented, historical support among young voters
breaking: wikileaks emails suggest supreme court justice scalia may have been murdered
[update] these 3 companies have demanded their names be removed from baby harvester planned parenthood’s list of 40 major company donors
lying white house press secretary: “obama has scratched and clawed for the middle class”
russia mocks sore loser obama for trying to destroy u.s.-russian relations before trump takes office [video]
‘tolerant left’ fire-bombs anti-migration member’s car…attack houses in germany
the american energy success story obama won’t tell the world
trump says he never makes mistakes, then immediately makes a mistake
inside trump’s charity ball tonight at beautiful mar-a-lago…protests outside [video]
former army ranger is only steelers player who shows for national anthem [video]
50-yr old haiti official, slated to testify against clinton foundation corruption next week, found dead in miami with “gunshot to the head”
the internet loses it over rnc’s bizarre statement about a ‘new king’
keith olbermann lashes out at trump for whining about leaks with one perfect tweet
lock him up! ceo threatens to assassinate trump with sniper rifle at white house
hillary tells another whopper! it’s 2015, does she think we can’t check her lies?
big name republican candidate suspends campaign
clinton campaign manager gets “huffy”…dodges and lies about details of clinton’s illness
the rolling stones are done with trump using their music
rob schneider nails the russia conspiracy theorists in one hysterical tweet
ted nugent appears at trump rally, gropes himself while spewing profanity
germany’s angela merkel makes incredibly naive announcement: every migrant must leave…after this one condition is met…
antifa beware! bikers for trump makes huge announcement on tonight’s phoenix rally [video]
london mayor demands uk cancel trump’s state visit after his deranged post-attack meltdown
mark zuckerberg stands strong with black lives matter – reprimands racist facebook employees
interview: did the ‘alt right’ die in charlottesville?
abc news: emails show hillary’s top aide arranged “special seating” at state dinner for top clinton donors [video]
rick perry: trump isn’t going to build a real wall, just a ‘digital’ one
“lie” witness news: jimmy kimmel show asks people what they thought of debate…day before debates happened [videos]
this 19 second video of trump shows why democrats should not support israel
trump gets hammered after tweeting that ‘intelligence’ has no place in politics
house republicans turn off cameras so americans can’t watch democrats fight for gun control
lol! leftist rag publishes story about how president trump will use racist #hurricaneharvey to harm blacks
washington post praises michelle obama for “reclaiming her image”…for openly supporting racist and cop-hating black lives matter
trump may have just killed this vile conservative anti-woman crusader’s career
watch solar eclipse live here
hillary clinton ponders halloween costume
bad news, gop: justice sandra day o’connor backs obama in supreme court fight
donald trump nominates the only black guy he knows to oversee inner city housing
watch: trump insults poland by downplaying the horrors they experienced during world war ii
obama absolutely rips the gop’s ‘vulgar and divisive’ campaign
trump reportedly lost his sh*t when he realized the women’s march was bigger than his inauguration
picture of cop walking son to school on day he was murdered appears on social media same day media trashed trump over joke he made to cops about getting tough on criminals who kill innocent people
nyc avis car rental refuses to rent car to israeli
https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/entitled.jpg
watch: trump’s desperate spokeswoman pushes hillary brain disease conspiracy
republicans now trying to draft billionaire mark cuban for third party run
watch: texas judge orders newly sworn-in citizens to accept trump or leave the country
whoa! angry obama berates black caucus in rant about his ‘legacy’…what legacy? [video]
yale removes name of democrat white supremacist, passionate supporter of slavery from res college…why not rename it after most famous black alum, justice clarence thomas?
obama hosts fundraiser: praises clinton for great job “making life and death decisions”….like benghazi?
facebook user arrested for “offensive” posts about syrian refugees: “social media abuse will not be tolerated”
trump livid after his twitter attacks help ‘hamilton’ break broadway sales record
trump is actively working to rip families away from military members
last minute gov’t grab: obama admin decrees dhs will ‘take control’ of us election systems
dinesh d’souza brilliantly schools hollywood reporter on why racist democrats keep minorities on the plantation [video]
flashback…undercover video shows hillary telling top donor she stopped using email because of so many investigations: “why would i want to do email? can you imagine?”
rude! kamala harris repeatedly cuts off homeland security secretary john kelly over sanctuary city policy [video]
world famous designer tells americans to “deal” with trump’s: “mrs. trump is a very nice woman and pretty handsome. good body, no? and this ivanka is…
gop lawmaker: republicans are freaking out about the ‘dysfunction’ in the white house
beautiful melania wears lbd to host reception for senators…guess who was there wearing a smirk on his face? [video]
trump’s son gets schooled after claiming conservatives were never rude to obama
watch: nevada caucus chair breaks rules, counts non-existent voters
texas governor wants christian crosses on cop cars
the rnc’s first night proves republicans are dividing america, not president obama
video: watch james o’keefe easily obtain eminem’s election ballot in undercover sting
the face of the democrat party has a message for the tea party and you won’t want to miss it…[video]
outrage: bundy family terrorists get off scot-free
donald trump said something so stupid that mika brzezinski couldn’t take it anymore
denver police officer literally tells protesters to stop doing anything that’s free speech
trump supporting kkk leader defends trump and alt-right in response to hillary’s brilliant speech
watch: trump’s head will explode with rage when he hears what lawrence o’donnell said about him
what was that? nancy pelosi calls trump’s budget “stupid”…bursts into giggles…repeats words [video]
hannity throws a complete hissy fit after conservative columnist calls him unworthy of media award
bombshell: devin nunes’ entire net worth sunk in company with strong ties to russia
another win for trump! release of americans jailed in egypt secured by trump administration [video]
neo-nazis created the ‘star of david’ anti-hillary meme trump tweeted
nut job glenn beck joins liberal, foul-mouthed whack job samantha bee in unified effort to fight “trumpism” [video]
whoa! bill o’reilly drops bombshell report about key accuser in sexual harassment case that could prove he was unjustly fired by fox news
(video) counter terrorism expert slams obama on the hacking of 22 million americans
‘family values’ gop governor caught in ‘inappropriate’ situation with woman
flashback: trump plans strategy against north korea in ’99 interview [video]
architect of mass voter fraud: hollywood producer tells stunning story of how obama stole election in 2008
florida man gives away last generator to desperate woman…but it gets better [video]
“bigger than watergate”: sara carter’s take on fbi, doj crimes and who’s “in trouble” [video]
shut it down! judicial watch pres calls out biased mueller witch hunt “are there any trump donors on the team?” [video]
chicago community organizers mobilize flash mobs to shut down trump campaign rally
pay-to-play: ivanka uses official europe trip to beg for donations
trump makes an absolute fool of himself on april fool’s day; americans outraged
how sh*tty of a birthday must ivanka trump be having?
delegates for dummies: how they’re awarded…and how many your candidate needs to win [video]
group with terror ties encourages muslims to swing u.s. presidential elections: “turn your islamic centers, mosques into registration centers for voters”
sean spicer hits lame cnn: “let’s actually look at what cnn reported.” [video]
breaking: terror attack on london subway during rush hour [video]…the left attacks trump over his response to terror act
listen to hillary laugh…as she recalls helping suspected child rapist walk free [video]
major republican celebrity turns on trump; fans shocked
watch these troops react as jimmy fallon and adam sandler honor them with hilarious country song
elizabeth warren attacked as a phony liberal for not endorsing sanders
john kerry grilled by great patriot tom cotton! watch and share this bombshell video
professional panderer carly fiorina says ted cruz will say anything to get elected
watch: trump aide asks craziest question ever about hillary in desperate attempt to defend trump, russia
here’s why conservatives are silent about 2016 cop killer data
gop senator lashes into kellyanne conway over trumpcare lies and it is epic
air force whistleblower makes explosive claim about benghazi that could destroy hillary: ‘we could have been there’ [video]
a must see! the baltimore riot story in one big picture
newest wikileaks data dump could literally be a death sentence for some
marklevin is freaking awesome: obama negotiates with iran; iranian general says israel’s destruction is not negotiable
katie couric tweets disgust after two of her producers are sprayed with urine at charlottesville protest…doesn’t mention antifa thugs sprayed them
minnesota church places 1800 “blessed ramadan” signs around twin cities to make “muslims feel more welcome” [video]
campaign in damage control mode after trump jr. busted joking about holocaust
watters’ world: “do you have obamacare?”…”how does it work?” [video]
watch this bundy militiaman challenge chris christie to sumo match in latest bizarre video
now trump wants to ‘drain the sewer’ so the internet let him know he’s a piece of sh*t
wtf: trump is already paying himself for his 2020 campaign
trump’s awkward first date with frau merkel
gold star mom speaks out: “obama used son’s casket as photo op when she asked him not to” [video]
gitmo prisoner obama released in 2012 identified as al-qaeda leader in yemen
nc’s gop-run board of elections just smacked pat mccrory hard over his bogus ‘fraud’ nonsense
breaking: reporter says secret service took debate attendees phones to avoid flash that could trigger hillary’s seizures [video]
fox news gets bad news as advertisers start dumping bill o’reilly over sexual harassment pay-offs
nfl on life support? pictures of empty stadiums paint scary picture for future of cop-protesting nfl
stunning! first lady melania trump wears red to greet chinese leader and wife [video]
angry constituents shame republican by turning their backs on him during town hall
you won’t believe this! california governor’s desperate move to help elect hillary
“without coal, this state is nothing”…west virginia coal miners speak out…support trump
serial plagiarist does victory dance over white people dying, trump can’t save you!
russian roulette for law enforcement: border patrol agents given awards for putting lives of armed illegal aliens before their own
trump brags about the ‘beautiful chocolate cake’ he was eating when he attacked syria
false flag attack against cuba: a plan hatched by the pentagon
troll congresswoman wants you to sell your guns to the government
whoa! first lady melania makes classy, yet blistering response to kathy griffin’s isis inspired photo of decapitated president trump
new accuser confirms she got roy moore banned from the mall
grasping at straws
gop convention chaos ensues as reince priebus meets with #nevertrump delegates
president obama ‘schools’ nba champion stephen curry in basketball and other stuff
bernie sanders just received a crucial nevada endorsement
without evidence, trump launches 59 cruise missiles, destroying syrian air force base
“we are progressive”: activist defends $190k payout to illegal alien by taxpayers for being turned over to ice [video]
colbert’s fear and white privilege confession to deray mekesson is absolutely perfect
donna brazile finally admits to giving hillary questions before debate…will media hold crooked hillary accountable for accepting questions? [video]
‘stand your ground’: fl man shoots at teens playing pokémon go
breaking: wikileaks says less than 1% of vault 7 released
furious customers respond to home depot cashier’s “america was never great” anti-trump hat [video]
hilarious rare video shows how hillary prepared to avoid a trump hug
hillary just personally went on twitter to destroy trump’s ridiculous visit to mexico
how we’re being tricked: fiddling with temperature data the biggest scam ever
lol! $45 million dollar whoopi complains conservatives prevented her from making a living [video]
trump tweets about his impeachment chances in latest (and perhaps greatest) self-own
trump spokesperson threatens trump rally on martha’s vineyard during obama’s vacation
federal judge just delivered bad news to hillary clinton about the missing benghazi emails
breaking: jfk files reveal another democrat president was member of the kkk
senate dems now have the votes to f*ck gorsuch’s scotus nomination
ben carson has a very public meltdown after getting trashed in iowa
the gop is sharing conference space with perfect metaphor for republican party
watch: joy reid shuts down right-wing pastor for lying in defense of racist trump
lol! hypocrite hillary gives speech on evils of “inequality” while wearing designer pants suits with price tag you won’t believe
ouch! bernie sanders responds to hillary’s criticism…slams her with category-5 zinger [video]
trump’s gop mega donors are demanding a full refund
florida rejected anti-terror bill ahead of attack in orlando
snowflake trump demands an apology from the media and the internet laughs at him
liz warren admits to jake tapper 2016 primary election was rigged [video]
communism 101: ca school district bans all drawings of religious figures…what prompted the ban is even more disturbing
hillary clinton just tossed charles koch a huge f*ck you after kinda-sorta-endorsement
boom! intel chair asks fbi/nsa directors if russians hacked votes in key states [video]
desperate to stop the flow of muslim refugees into sweden, swedish citizens devise a controversial scheme
watch: hypocrite trump supporter gets buried for whining about a racist being called a racist
hillary stumbles and stutters when asked about black friends: “i have a crew”…”they’ve tried to expand my musical tastes” [video]
learn the facts about what the fbi is saying concerning hillary’s emails; trump lying
just in: fbi supervisor fired for anti-trump texts oversaw michael flynn interviews
“gynecology without borders” group releases gut-wrenching study: 70% of female refugees raped, beaten or victims of sexual abuse
more questions than answers: was sandy hook shooter known to fbi prior to school massacre?
media tripwire? ping pong pizza conspiracy propels internet censorship amid ‘fake news’ witch-hunt
democratic rep.: trump’s intelligence briefing won’t be anything important
donald trump jr. runs with bernie sanders conspiracy pushed by white supremacists
harvard bullied into dropping 80 year old “racist” law school emblem
boiler room – ep #53 – say bye bye to culture
watch trump supporters crash pro-sanctuary city press conference where radicals call for open borders [video]
u.s. senate passes bipartisan bill claims to facilitate ‘better public access’ to gov’t records
‘need a safe place, pumpkin?’: the internet drags trump for begging supporters to throw a rally
lol! how to trigger a liberal on halloween: “make your costume the most tasteless, triggering sh*t…and post it all over social media” [video]
(video) hillary clinton bashes trump in snl appearance but avoids talking about this…
mccain just brutally called out trump for his hypocritical support of russia
watch: paul ryan just told us he doesn’t care about struggling families living in blue states
watch: michelle obama destroys donald trump with just a few words
trump just said the most racist thing imaginable about latino immigrants
the view host furious…drops bombshell on being let go
ammon and ryan bundy found ‘not guilty’ in oregon federal case, gov. kate brown upset by jury decision
disney worker to testify about having to train his foreign worker replacement
watch: trump gets his a** handed to him by alec baldwin and tom hanks on snl
clinton emails: how google worked with hillary to try and overthrow syria’s assad
henningsen on white house press dinner: ‘the fourth estate is nonexistent in america’
maxine waters: obama’s left a “very, very powerful” database in place…”will have information about everything…on every individual in ways that it’s never been done before” [video]
white house staffer on kushner fbi investigation: ‘jared is so f***ed’
kellyanne conway’s husband just publicly bashed trump’s travel ban while she was defending it on tv
watch: peggy hubbard defends trump…talks about being attacked because she defended confederate statues: “antifa and black lives matter showed up with weapons, wanting a fight”
get out of jail free: how obama’s race war is quietly being funded by jay z
week #13 of nfl hell continues: “lots of empty seats for the biggest game of the nfl week”
why is the media hiding dangerous evidence about radical who attacked trump at rally?
nightmare scenario: fox news reports obama can appoint supreme court justice on jan 3rd…could this be his final ‘screw you america’ act?
bill o’reilly writes infuriating blog post on las vegas massacre – it’s absolutely vile
boom! kellyanne conway has advice for “able-bodied americans” on medicaid worried about losing health care: get a job! [video]
illegal aliens sent to states with lax voter id laws: told to vote democrat or be deported
russian roulette for law enforcement: border patrol agents given awards for putting lives of armed illegal aliens before their own
gohmert: homosexuality is ‘perverse’ because gay astronauts can’t reproduce in space
stephen king blasts republicans cozying up to putin since he hacked the election for them
fox news host megyn kelly completely embarrasses traitorous bundy terrorist
corrupt state department deletes key info from press conference…who demanded this?
“this has got to stop!”…judge jeanine goes after nordstrom for nasty treatment of ivanka trump [video]
donald trump was looking to build a trump tower in moscow while he was running for president
us-uk dirty war: ‘latin american-style’ death squads in iraq revealed through chilcot
exclusive: “america 2021” hilarious poem describes what america looks like after 4 years of president trump
like mother, like daughter: chelsea proves she’s unelectable with one simple tweet
the george costanza of cnn destroyed on his own show: “we have a one-party system, and the media as the other party.” [video]
drunk bragging trump staffer started russian collusion investigation
breaking: dems try to scapegoat: release colin powell’s e-mail to hillary…only proving they’re both corruptocrats
heartbroken woman in tears after boston antifa assaults her: “i’m watching america be destroyed” [video]
listen to them laugh! undercover video captures diabolical remarks at national abortion federation conference…”an eyeball just fell into my lap..and that’s gross”
republican cop goes off on the gop, slams them for being ‘hypocrites’ and ‘idiots’
president trump’s new chief of staff wants his boss to stop tweeting…but only about one thing
breaking: senate republicans just passed a resolution officially beginning obamacare repeal
detroit’s al sharpton wannabe attempts to bully naacp award winning artist, kid rock into ditching confederate flag [video]
russia’s hysterical response to obama’s sanctions: “cold war deja vu”
nyt’s gifts america with christmas eve letter from black professor who teaches students every white person is a “racist” [video]
ny sanitation workers block driver, hurl racist deportation threats while invoking trump
one democrat who refuses to cast electoral vote for crooked hillary could end it all for her [video]
big hypocrite gloria steinem: women support bernie sanders so they can “get with” boys…huh? [video]
pelosi chuckles and mocks president trump when asked about their relationship [video]
in white house conference call about iran, staffers talked about blowup dolls
watch: bill maher hilariously thanks trump for exposing hypocritical evangelicals
reince priebus backs trump’s claim that the media is ‘the enemy’
new emails reveal huma abedin told to “show love” to clinton donors…clinton’s brother acted as go-between
obama’s former “press liar” warns trump not to cross the community organizer’s “red line”…lol! [video]
austrian schools are being radicalized by young muslim migrants: “if she doesn’t obey [wear hijab], i’ll just murder her” [video]
reporter interviewing trump refers to ca terrorists as “regular people”…trump’s response is nothing short of awesome
one of trump’s idiot fans decided to troll alec baldwin, it didn’t go well for him
even undocumented immigrants pay more income taxes than donald trump
disturbing footage between trump and melania revealed, twitter erupts (video/tweets)
revealed: trump’s senior advisers afraid to leave him alone in meetings with foreign leaders
check out trump’s hilarious new years eve tweet to his “many enemies”
bernie sanders says you can’t be a moderate and a progressive
trump vows to save america from ‘curse’ of functional health care system
jeff daniels returns as will mcavoy to blast trump as only his ‘newsroom’ character can
digisexual robot pimps, swamp chess, hollywood & dc cannibalism: boiler room ep #137
watch: the view’s joy behar wants to know “what about trump?” after democrat senator al franken is busted for groping women
trump camp spends $200,000 to trend pro-ahca message on twitter, anti-ahca one goes viral instead
classy george clooney: “steve bannon is a failed f—ing screenwriter” if he was in hollywood, he’d be “licking my a** to get me to do one of his stupid-ass screenplays”
bahaha! donald trump sign-stealer gets a verbal beatdown [video]
trump won’t tell america where his products are made, so here’s a handy guide
u.s. press corps breaks silence, drops major bombshell in scathing open letter to trump
benghazi spokesliar susan rice tells cnn: ‘we should expect’ iran to use funds it gets for terrorist operations [video]
breaking: cleveland police chief asks ohio governor to declare state of emergency…suspend open carry laws during rnc
michelle obama’s middle east speech: compares her oppressive childhood to muslim girls living under sharia law [video]
radical interim missou prez exposed as political activist…forced out predecessor…video shows coordination with rich black starving student
in-your-face censorship! cnn cuts feed of pro-trump congressman as soon as he brought up wikileaks [video]
fox host already using tragic egyptair crash as a way to boost trump
this 50s tv show predicted trump, with a man named ‘trump’ who wanted to build a wall
oh my! another giant fly lands on hillary clinton’s face mid-speech [video]
enablers who live in glass houses…why hillary embracing porn star, former beauty queen will backfire
conservative columnist george will: the gop is the party of white people
why did two major companies, who cash in on easter candy sales, hiding “easter” from packaging?
hilarious: trevor noah has more fun than one guy should with last week’s debates
ted cruz awkwardly explains why texas should have federal relief money but not victims of hurricane sandy
trump is too incompetent to handle disaster on an island, but obama handled one just fine
candidate handel’s excellent response to alexandria shooter calling her a ‘republican b**ch’
female reporter assures viewers germany’s carnival is free of “rapefugees,” as men sexually assault her on live tv [video]
thanks obama! the 99 percent are doing better than in 17 years
creationist ken ham is building a $101m noah’s ark in kentucky, and he wants you to pay for it (video/tweets)
conservative christians think girls are a crop, should be married off as children
ben and jerry’s co-founder reveals bernie sanders inspired ice cream
liberals attack rob lowe after he offers perfect solution for #nfl athletes disrespecting national anthem
donald trump just told his fans they’re stupid to their faces – and they cheered
three resignations at cnn after botched trump-russia story…more to come?
iran makes major announcement about how they plan to use billions in “obama-buck$” [video]
watch: how the crooked clinton foundation hid over $145 million in donations from uranium one shareholders
breaking: putin tired of waiting for obama’s doj to release hillary’s highly classified emails…set to release them in near future
awesome! president trump gives fatherly advice about ‘the road of life’ to ucla basketball players
don lemon is fed up, yanks guest off the air after idiotic fake news claims
sc woman dies of thirst in jail after cops yank her out of hospital over outstanding court fines
ha! you won’t believe hillary’s luxury “scooby” van!
judge jeanine scorches judge on travel ban block: “bottom line” is hawaiian judge “hates donald trump” [video]
awesome! donald trump jr: fifth avenue redneck: “well, my love for the outdoors came from my grandfather, milos zelnicek”
vile! michelle obama spews her best racial hate speech at a commencement ceremony in ny[video]
oregon congressman rips justice department for not arresting and prosecuting bundy militants
this brilliant tweetstorm shows how senate democrats can save scotus
liberal group trolls trump at roy moore rally in the best possible way
dem congressman humiliates trump with one glorious tweet; proves absolute stupidity
trump’s got ‘em on the run: rhode island supporters chase after trump caravan [video]
the rnc pulled a nasty little trick to raise money and donald trump is furious
obama signs star wars ii defense bill: hypocrisy of blaming trump for “arms race”
crocodile tears: watch obama use phony outrage to gain sympathy for gun control
clinton foundation donors got sweet weapons deals from clinton’s state department
meet conservative muslim steve bannon hired for key position at breitbart: only thing left knows are “smears, lies, hate, libel, defamation, and an abdication of decency”
obama dances at last-ever white house gig to drake’s “hotline bling” [video]
sorry, not sorry: here are some of the funniest responses to scalia’s death
throwing gas on racial fire? va police confirm….governor terry mcauliffe lied about weapons being hid around charlottesville by white nationalists
actor martin sheen tells senate gop to do their jobs when obama picks scotus nominee
man robs taxpayers of $1.4 million in food stamp scam…using fish!
breaking: wikileaks releases list of reporters taking marching orders from hillary clinton…never to be trusted!
watch: black actress stacey dash destroy argument by hollywood race agitator and wife of will smith: “either we want to have segregation or integration”
epic fail: anti-trump movement spent $75 million on 64,000 ads
hell-bent on a conviction: is the pentagon’s third attempt at convicting a marine for the death of an iraqi citizen politically motivated?
pa archbishop accused of using mafia-like tactics against lawmaker
watch: g.w. bush gushes over kimmel’s anti-trump oscar’s monologue…refused to speak out against obama, it’s not “good for the country to have a former president undermine a current president”
trump is literally sabotaging the case against the nyc terrorist by not keeping his mouth shut
gop columnist bill kristol has the goods on how republicans really feel about comey’s testimony
on the day a hurricane is about to hit land, trump signs order making floods worse
breaking: dnc staffers may have sold sensitive info to “hostile foreign governments”…”a massive, massive scandal”
flashback: reagan skipped debate before iowa and won in a landslide
boom! fox news host eric bolling hits back with $50 million defamation suit against huffington post reporter over sexting story
breaking: house dems demand ‘emergency’ meeting with dhs over trump’s bigoted muslim ban
defense secretary mattis speaks over incompetent trump’s threats to north korea
wow! pastor mark burns delivers three great words that’ll drive black lives matter nuts! [video]
republican gene simmons just said something truly horrible about prince
it only took one tweet from president trump for billionaires to open up their wallets for this “fighter!”
american servicemen ‘sing god bless america’ at world series game…the left goes ballistic
watch black trump supporter at kansas rally attacked by black lives matter terrorists for saying: “i want jobs, i don’t want welfare”
exposed! obama regime gave millions us tax dollars to radical soros groups used to take down conservative european nation’s government
is jade helm 15 really about martial law? texas ranger relays what he saw inside military trains
illegal alien criminals on hunger strike in az prison give list of demands including removal of threat of deportation
23 yr old somali refugee turned naturalized citizen arrested for terror plot against us
joke of the week: a marine, a priest and a flag burning hillary supporter
boom! watch kids learn tough lesson about redistribution of wealth in this great halloween video
watch: catholic nun gives paul ryan a biblical beatdown
bizarre 2006 film starring former white house staffer omarosa surfaces with crazy plot around stealing donald trump’s hair
obama’s epa pushes for tougher mileage standards for trucks
vice president pence breaks tie in bill allowing states to deny federal funds for killing babies
shock poll: trump gets support from black voters like never seen by any republican presidential candidate
john kerry’s state dept reportedly funneled over $9 million to his daughter’s foundation
nra breaks silence on orlando by claiming ‘political correctness’ caused the massacre
supreme court smacks down religious nuts, makes them put same-sex parents’ names on birth certificates
four previously deported illegal aliens charged in rape, beating of couple
bernie sanders hits back at the media in the most brilliant way
watch: obama perfectly mocks trump’s insane followers that think he’s a literal demon
trump’s spokeswoman just said half of bernie’s supporters will vote for trump
boom! dinesh d’souza just exposed the gut-wrenching truth about democrats with one tweet from dnc
the democratic party has never done this before, and it’s a big victory for human rights
msnbc tweets terrifying video of cop being dragged by thug’s car, jokingly asks if it counts as a police chase?
bundy militia loses it over bag of d**ks
boom! fox news leftist chris wallace attempts trump smear over inauguration crowd size…fox news’ brit hume backs up trump on fake news story [video]
trump will be furious because the irs is sharing info with special counsel mueller
police state end-run: dhs wants control of u.s. elections
‘obama mic drop’ is the state of the union music video you have to see
autopsy report: sf cops shot man 21 times, twice in the head — he was no threat
why hillary clinton is responsible for us failures in libya and syria
watch: samantha bee shows just how crazy ted cruz supporters are
the supreme court just decided the second amendment does not apply to everyone
donald trump’s longtime butler calls for obama to be killed in unhinged facebook rant
illinois: entire team of 8-yr old kids perform disgusting act of disrespect for our flag and law enforcement under guidance of coach
‘apprentice’ producer: lewd #trumptapes are nothing – there is ‘far worse’ to come
breaking news: trump admin announces “massive tax cut” for businesses and massive tax reform [video]
donald trump just posted the weirdest ad you’ll see this entire election
how senate democrats plan to force gun-control amendment on gop’s bill to repeal obamacare
breaking: video released of angry leftist mob attacking home of chicago lawmaker with rocks, torches
breaking: why is obama sending huge number of troops to germany? [video]
fox news steals greta van susteren’s personal website, so she punks them hard for it
this liberal group found the best way to ruin trump’s convention
betsy devos just put a for-profit credit card exec in charge of federal student aid program
mexico’s president confirms trump lied: he told him to go f*ck himself and his wall
the leaker-in-chief just tweeted classified info to his 35 million followers
no more mr. nice guy: trump takes off the gloves…hammers obama on twitter
the future belongs to ai and whoever masters it first will rule the world
obama’s first visit to a u.s. mosque raises questions about its extremist ties
hillary panders to domestic terrorists: woman whose husband demanded rioters “burn down” ferguson, beat up and robbed her mother-in-law, will speak at dnc [video]
wow! leftist librarian rejects shipment of children’s books donated by melania trump…her reason for rejecting the books is disgusting!
obama regime agrees to cut deal with iran that further threatens our national security
here’s what the fracking industry gave to oklahoma in 2015
reince priebus just said ‘every single thing’ trump does is ‘factual’
damning new evidence shows how israel bribed republican traitors to sabotage obama on iran deal
fox news gets busted for hypocritically whining about people questioning trump’s legitimacy
trump attacked bernie in series of tweets on tuesday, bernie burned him with just one
russia claims they may have killed isis leader al-baghdadi
disgusting videos show joe biden groping little girls…watch girls elbow biden to keep his hands off their breasts
shocking hypocrisy: the most racist industry in america
henningsen on trump rally fervor: ‘political relativism has descended on america’
bet had more than a few things to say to stacey dash about her hypocrisy
hilarious video shows the moment bernie discovered he’s related to his snl impersonator
hillary-haters send death threats to arizona republic for endorsing clinton
gary johnson displays stunning foreign policy ignorance on ‘morning joe’
this ego-killing jeb bush infographic shows how expensive it is for billionaires to back losers
seth meyers breaks down the scary reality of trump’s inevitable nomination
this ridiculously creepy vine may prove ted cruz is steve king’s ventriloquist dummy
today: list of u.s. cities where “day of rage” is reportedly planned…scott air force base posts warning
vietnam releases catholic priest just days before obama lifts arms ban… just one prisoner?
trump betrays house republicans, humiliates them for trying to weaken ethics office
whoa! state department throws hillary under the bus and gives us one more reason not to vote for her [video]
ny mets honor murdered cop brian moore who planned to take girlfriend and dad to game tonight
left-wing author blasts democrats for “scandal-mongering”: “rachel maddow’s dots may never connect.” [video]
trump supporter and rocker ted nugent unloads on leftist hippie david crosby: a “bloated carcass” who “competes with michael moore to see who can go the longest without hygiene”
#phoenixrally rocks! watch: president trump calls out “antifa” terror group…crowd chants “cnn sucks”
new mexico is erasing actual science from their science standards
insane anti-trump protester lights trump supporter’s hair on fire…police need help finding this protester [video]
breaking news: sebastian gorka out…are ivanka and jared behind his resignation?
watch: beyonce performed this sickening, cop-hating, anti-white song at super bowl
trump continues to destroy relations with china in insane twitter tirade
obama goes “full monty”: kills thousands more american jobs with this bold executive action
henry rollins destroys north carolina’s gop governor for signing anti-lgbt law
after charlottesville gop asks supporters how trump is doing: great, good, or just okay?
the endearing thing trump does to his tie that has the liberals going crazy
say what? obama gives go ahead for new un “regional hub” in washington dc…what they plan to use center for is disturbing
trump stops praising coast guard’s harvey efforts to viciously attack the media
did oprah just leave “nasty” hillary wishing she wouldn’t have endorsed her? [video]
judge jeanine rips democrats: what have democrats done for minorities? [video]
pay off: the establishment rewards comey with $2 million book deal
maxine waters: ‘these people trying to ‘discredit’ me [video]
mass exodus from democrat party in liberal massachusetts…trump effect?
breaking: source tells how anthony weiner accidentally got the 650,000 emails the fbi discovered [video]
the white house has gone dark and cnn is not having it
great britain’s government just issued an epic f**k you to trump
the absolutely cringeworthy moment trump tried flirting with an irish reporter
priceless! bill maher calls senator elizabeth warren “pocahontas” during interview [video]
the stupid is spreading: now darrell issa doesn’t think president obama is black
obama regime grants early release to terrorist who killed us medic [video]
alabama: middle class white woman rejected for jobs in city filled illegal immigrants…”i can’t find a job because i don’t speak spanish”
bigots upset their daughter was taught world history suing maryland public school
obama’s dream is america’s nightmare: 121 illegal aliens commit murder after avoiding deportation orders
ex-gop congressman tweets vile threat to obama in response to dallas shootings
watch carly fiorina lose her damn mind as she keeps shouting and repeating herself
priceless! unhinged feminist goes ballistic on trump spokesperson [video]
fantastic speech last night! trump’s full speech after big win! [video]
trump-supporting gun nut holds ar-15 like a baby during the most bizarre interview ever
watch: ‘the view’ hosts tell trump to get the f*ck out of new york city
liberal hollywood suffers worst summer for movies in 25 years
black men for bernie founder campaigns in swing states for trump: “bill and hillary did major damage to our communities last time in white house” [video]
disturbing! epa chief’s insulting rant against “climate deniers” as “not normal” [video]
boiler room ep #77 – the venom of divide and rule
black leader calls on black caucus members to resign: praises trump’s visit to detroit [video]
watch: gay man and former liberal makes riveting youtube video urging americans to vote for trump: “muslim countries execute gays…that’s not radical…that’s common law”
sheriffs say they won’t allow officers to help feds enforce immigration laws…judge jeanine obliterates them: “you’re too damn dumb to be in law enforcement” [video]
patrick henningsen live with guest sean stone – ‘project for a new global government?’
3 million illegal aliens under investigation for voting…after obama told them it was ok
watch: black trump supporter blasts ca city council over “racist” sanctuary cities…and it’s spectacular!
people who read this wildly popular book are some of the biggest trump haters
comrade trump pushes conspiracy theory from russian propaganda site
first person to be killed by terrorist in speeding truck was activist who helped refugees like the one who killed her stay in sweden
professor who called election of president trump an “act of terrorism” is chosen for “professor of the year” [video]
president obama just revealed his new career, and it could be awesome
breaking: major health insurance carrier may pull out of obamacare…expects to lose over $200 million in 2016 alone
scars & strife: ‘the purge election year’ agitprop, change agents & false left–right statecraft
black espn sports announcer goes off on divisive leftist narrative: “so what are we saying…that black lives matter only when we’re killed by somebody who’s not black?”
trump finally admitted something he really hasn’t done his whole campaign
latina restaurant owner threatened after being called on stage at trump rally [video]
breaking: president trump makes fbi pick one day before comey testimony [video]
disgusting: cleveland cops join hate group who inspired multiple murders of fellow officers to disrespect our flag
democrat tries to attack shapiro over ‘white privilege’…then shapiro fires back
trump: we should default on our debt because we can just ‘print the money’
where’s the oversight? obama funneled billions to liberal groups through doj ‘slush fund’ [video]
assange: ‘crazed clinton campaign tried to hack wikileaks’
‘stop arming terrorists bill’ fails in us congress after getting only 13 supporters
game on! uc berkeley bans ann coulter from immigration speech…she’s going anyway
gop board of education candidate may be the craziest person in texas
watch: father of purple heart-winning muslim soldier unleashes on trump, and it is amazing
hysterical! rachel maddow claims rain kept only democrats from voting in georgia election
declassified us intel report used to discredit trump is huge embarrassment…evidence was compiled in 2012 after obama’s reelection
trump just got destroyed by one of america’s most respected journalists (video/image)
ted cruz gets his a** handed to him by rachel maddow for bragging about ted nugent endorsement
police state end-run: dhs wants control of u.s. elections
muhammad ali’s son detained at airport because his name sounds too muslim
hillary lands coveted taxpayer funded, planned parenthood endorsement
chaffetz says congress ‘needs to see’ comey memos on trump now: ‘i have my subpoena pen ready’
texas congressman lets screaming leftist agitator have it: “you sir, shut up!” [video]
watch ted cruz suffer an insane meltdown after someone asks if he’ll support trump
trump brags about how powerful america’s nuclear arsenal is in scary twitter post
trump national security pick monica crowley’s book no longer for sale over plagiarism
u.s. government jailing people for not paying back student loans
trump just loosened sanctions against russian spy agencies, americans are f*cking furious
hey cnn…remember obama’s notorious “friday night news dumps” and when he refused to interrupt golf on martha’s vineyard to assess historic louisiana floods?
breaking: russian officials celebrate rex tillerson as ‘a gift’ from trump to russia
black trump adviser: staff doesn’t care about reaching out to black voters
pence on aircraft carrier lie: no, it wasn’t strategy, we’re just morons
here’s what black voters think of donald trump’s pathetic attempt to woo them
foreign born alien with 4 felonies arrested for brutal beating and rape of women who was helping him
even the secret service is saying trump is full of sh*t; there are no tapes
british columnist katie hopkins has brutal reaction to “trans” h.s. student beating girls in wrestling matches [video]
good morning america travels all the way to melania trump’s homeland of slovenia to trash her [video]
were his hands up? new video emerges showing fbi shooting and killing father of 11, and oregon protester in face
breaking! investigation: hillary clinton did not comply with records rules
the chalkening: political chalk drawing bandit terrorizing liberals across america [video]
updated video: is this america? conservatives and their families experience shocking abuse and shaming in their homes ordered by leftist da as part of insane vendetta
trump to gut coast guard, airport security, and fema to fund useless border wall
angry black milwaukee residents set city on fire after armed black man is killed by police: “the black people of milwaukee are tired…they’re tired of living under this oppression” [video]
right wing elites declare total war on poor white communities
canadian pm justin trudeau explains why he keeps saying, “i’m a feminist”
alabama gop gov. embroiled in sex scandal allegations
jill stein concedes recount in michigan in bizarre press conference [video]
judge hands illegal alien who tried to kill trump a shocking plea deal
why ag lynch should recuse herself from clinton e-mail probe asap! [video]
donald trump gives epic response after pga moves from trump’s doral to mexico
gop ex-gov of new jersey attacks christie for endorsing trump, will vote blue if he wins
breaking: donald trump walked into dressing rooms to look at naked miss teen usa contestants
obama’s final 6 months…racist, desperate, congressional black caucus plans gun-control antics on house floor: “be as disruptive as possible to speaker ryan”
new study shows why major insurers hate the aca – it actually forces them to help sick people
republican senator open to voting for hillary clinton
daily show finds disturbing comment donald trump made about his daughter in 1994
sarah palin asks azealia banks to join her to fight racism after rapper says palin should be “gang raped”…azealia’s response is pure hatred
watch: bill maher doesn’t believe five women could possibly want to have sex with ted cruz
new study offers hope in search for alzheimer’s cure
the view brings on bill o’reilly’s sexual harassment accuser…is this really sexual harassment? [video]
russia’s red line: moscow announces end to us ‘deconfliction’ cooperation over syria
flashback: somali cab driver threatens to kill man “because you’re white”…history of repeatedly threatening to decapitate police officers
audit: obama’s irs ‘misled’ americans to get them to sign up for obamacare
kushner is now under fire by special counsel for potential dirty financial dealings
nyc’s “progressive” mayor behaves like a 2-year old: deblasio literally stares down former mayor giuliani
trump’s pathetic thanksgiving message of ‘unity’ gets the treatment it deserves
it just got real! gop rep. jim jordan tells judge jeanine key players in anti-trump scam will be subpoenaed [video]
fox panelist claims “investigation” of trump and associates began in spring of 2015 [video]
flashback: spy who hacked into secret clinton data found dead in duffel bag in bathtub
trump was right about cnn being “very fake news”: federal judge rules against cnn in “fake news” case…may have acted with “actual malice”
anti-gun hypocrites bash david beckham’s son for posing with a gun in photo shoot
congressman jim jordan stops cnn gatekeeper chris cuomo on benghazi cover-up
sanders fans break fundraising site after nh primary win (video/tweets)
episode #160 – sunday wire: ‘hail to the deplorables’ with special guest randy j
black harvard students host separate segregated graduation ceremony
poverty pimp al sharpton uses the bible to say dems should give “the big payback” to republicans
stock market literally shuts down and dollar drops as conservatives kill economy by voting for trump
watch: donald trump fits in perfectly as villain on game of thrones mashup
huge backlash against hillary clinton’s pandering to hispanics #notmyabuela
meredith corp. and koch money buys time inc., ‘left’ goes bonkers
jack-ass-in-chief: obama uses speech on world stage to apologize for greedy americans…ties mlk, jr. to phony climate change [video]
george takei takes trump jr. to the woodshed for colluding with russia
highly ranked draft prospect asked by nfl coach if he was gay during meeting
nader talebzadeh: they planned and he plans
‘i don’t rent to n*****s’: smoking gun proves trump family racism
illegal alien accused of kidnapping and murdering 18-yr old girl is protected by obama’s daca program
marco rubio calls out trump for his refusal to acknowledge the heinous white supremacist violence
bravo! ted cruz to introduce bill to help trump keep one of his biggest campaign promises to americans
syria: us peace council addresses united nations in nyc
how a simple glass of water could expose the truth about hillary’s serious health issues and cause her to lose the election [video]
if hillary and bernie are counting on the cuban vote…they’re making a big mistake…here’s why…
not funny! #paulryan bashes trump last night at al smith dinner [video]
only one trump-bashing republican voted against laws to protect americans from criminal illegal aliens
the new american century: an era of fraud
disturbing video shows hillary’s campaign likely faked her audience at nc rally
new study shows why atheists and people who agree with immigrants that bash their country use less brain power
trump got caught doing something really creepy on vacation in florida
‘you’re a sexist pig!’ feminist battles tucker carlson over ivankagate [video]
gop worried trump is going to drop out, scrambles to come up with replacement
how would you defend your family from violent rioters? think it can’t happen to you…think again!
wow! hollywood actress blasts ben affleck…posts video showing when he “grabbed hilarie burton’s breasts” during taping of mtv show
behind the curtain: how obama plans to prevent “certain” social security beneficiaries from owning guns
the left is officially isis: thug destroys oldest monument to christopher columbus [video]
watch: president obama tells whiny trump to shut the f*ck up about election being ‘rigged’
never forget? college students give disturbing answers about why america was attacked on 9/11 [video]
sean spicer: trump did not say that thing everyone heard him say
glenn beck endorses ted cruz in a series of bizarre tweets declaring their bromance
must watch video! megyn kelly spells it out for the clueless against first amendment rights
should we worry about mcmaster as trump’s national security advisor?
trump is searching for a lawyer, but law firms are turning him down cold
anti-trump mark cuban huddles with trump’s chief strategist…olive branch or appointment?
you really don’t want to miss trump talking about ‘titties’ in detroit
nancy sinatra says 5 million “murderous members” of the nra “should face a firing squad”
white house sinks to new lows of obstruction; orders every agency to ignore democrats’ oversight requests
wow! confirmed by ice: 5-time deported illegal alien protected by sanctuary county is suspected arsonist behind worst fires ca history
gay gop operative endorses doug jones over ‘bigoted, deviant’ roy moore in senate race
watch: angry parents walk out of high school principal’s racist, anti-cop commencement speech [video]
pope makes visit to nuns obama regime is suing for not conforming to obamacare contraception mandate
#blacklivesmatter terrorists using #blackrail on twitter to organize shut down of rail before mn vikings game
breaking: brother of las vegas massacre suspect has been arrested in california
nasa publicly humiliates right-wing climate change deniers on facebook with real science
(video) rev al sharpton botches the name of a famous biblical figure…yes, he’s a reverend..
dear mr president: listen to your own fbi director and  homeland security tell us we cannot properly screen the syrian “refugees” [video]
is this why hillary has become “unhinged”? perjury charge the least of clinton’s problems [video]
what is going on with hillary’s eyes…could it be related to parkinson’s disease? [video]
leftist actor george clooney announces break from acting…“i don’t need money” after latest movie tanks and actress accuses him of getting her “blacklisted” for reporting sexual abuse
the left can’t deny great jobs report : “it’s difficult to find anything really negative in the report”
hillary shuts down trump supporters calling her husband a rapist at rally
these secret koch bros. memos expose propaganda plans
[video] college student bullied after taking picture of “white privilege” board at dorm
trevor noah just came up with the perfect job for donald trump, and it’s not president
is fox about to become cnn? leftist wives of liberal murdoch sons blamed for firing of bill o’reilly…trash trump on social media
gop consultant tells black reporter she wants to choke him for calling out republican racism
watch: president trump channels successful developer days…cuts ribbon to celebrate shocking number of regulation rollbacks…businesses cheer!
voting machines for hillary! md woman reports voting straight ticket…watched machine flip to hillary [video]
islamic justice: britain is stunned when they discover how many secret sharia courts are operating in uk
trump crumbles as his own un ambassador shuts down his russia lies
disgusting: anarchist punk calls u.s. veteran “anti-american”…veteran yells back “i’m a patriot!” [video]
fox host: don’t ban assault weapons because terrorists would just use crock pots
trump freaks out: thousands of latino voters prove election is rigged
‘the process has begun’: fbi examine 650k emails on clinton aide abedin husband’s laptop
wow! hungary’s prime minister follows through on promise to build border wall…george soros will be furious when he sees the stunning number of illegal immigrants he’s kept out so far
civil rights icon john lewis got bashed by trump on twitter, his response is perfect
sleezy democrat senator caught fabricating story about fbi having proof trump colluded with russians in election [video]
lol! crooked and irrelevant hillary clinton goes on tour…wait till you see what she’s asking fans to pay for tickets
obama threatens to surface from leftist bunker to speak out against trump’s plan to end daca
whoa! fox news host just blamed trump for violence by domestic terrorists against him and his supporters [video]
illegal aliens who lied to court, used fake ss#’s and committed felonies are granted special privileges because they are considered “victims”
catholic priest goes off on partial-birth abortion hillary for faking endorsement from pope francis [video]
republicans just ruined trump’s plan to bully the government into funding border wall
reagan’s son tears the ‘absurdity’ of trump, his campaign and the entire gop to shreds
president obama smacks down gop attempt to let wall street defraud seniors
this important video sums up why donald trump must not be president
chris matthews confused about georgia election loss: “i don’t know what the h*ll he was selling” [video]
trumpdom: the curious world of trump’s foreign policy explained
neocon nightmare: trump wants to ‘get along with foreign countries’
hillary’s physician claims she has pneumonia…does pneumonia cause convulsions?…do people with pneumonia hug little girls, expose newborn grandchildren? [video]
msnbc tweets terrifying video of cop being dragged by thug’s car, jokingly asks if it counts as a police chase?
outrageous! cnn uses unauthorized video taken from outside oval office to make up story about feud between bannon and trump [video]
sheriff clark tweets most blistering response ever after barack obama boasted he would’ve beaten trump in election
finally: two members of bundy militia arrested
hollywood porn director makes chappaquiddick movie: shows what ted kennedy “had to go through”
the smartest woman in politics: “how trump can knock out hillary in the first debate”
bernie sues to allow 17 year olds to vote
this man has the perfect response to house gop’s attempt to destroy internet privacy
watch hillary’s reaction when security tries to kick shirtless male supporters out of her rally
‘weakest president ever’ has isis so desperate for cash they’re buying guns with kidneys
are senator al franken and rep john conyers being sacrificed by the democrat party for a much larger goal?
rt exclusive: peter lavelle interviews dr. ron paul on trump’s challenges
why obama ignored murder by illegal alien in sanctuary city: you have never seen megyn kelly this mad before!
secret cia report shows russia hacked both parties, only released dem data to help trump
new poll: trump is making others more popular – but they aren’t who you’d think
jim jordan blasts deputy ag rosenstein on key anti-trump text saying “we can’t let” trump be president…”we need an insurance policy” [video]
watch: dem senator blasts trump, calls him a liar live on air
economists warn trump would crash the global economy
watch president trump arrive on air force one: scheduled to host red cross charity event at mar-a-lago…angry leftists plan protest [video]
craziest person in congress wants to investigate everyone but trump; maybe you’re on the list
mooch campaigned on changing u.s. history…was never proud of america…now america’s “great”? did cop killings and race wars make it “great”?
trump blames baton rouge police shooting on obama’s ‘lack of leadership’
watch: people interviewed explain why affordable care act is better than obamacare
snowden 2.0: new nsa contractor whistleblower, arrested for stealing spy malware
trump’s team just found a new way to babysit him: this is a new low
pro-trump gop senate candidate turns tables on liberal rag, the boston globe…calls them “the white supremacist” for omitting his name from gop candidates running against fake indian elizabeth warren
the small business owners trump stiffed issue blistering revelations
wow! total clown john kasich blasts trump…invites all illegals to ohio [video]
thanksgiving day fake news turkey shoot: boiler room – special holiday event
democracy expert tells us exactly how republicans screwed america by accepting trump
trump’s labor pick belonged to group that forces workers to listen to right-wing lies at work
chelsea handler gets the last word after rnc chair attacks hillary for not smiling
is gabby giffords being sued by her shooter?
donald trump ditches the press to do something really fun…and normal
if you cross our borders illegally….you can now land a job teaching in this state
boiler room #103 – smoking gunz
former justice department official on why comey was fired: “you never do that.”
great! vet lives matter to trump who offered to personally help wounded warrior [video]
https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/entitled.jpg
police in germany begin raids on homes of facebook users who post “hate speech” against refugees
neocon files: the kagans are back – wars to follow
florida governor goes off on obama: “the second amendment didn’t kill any of these individuals…radical islam killed them” [video]
this is proof that donald trump may be the worst money manager in the campaign
unreal! obama speech writers laugh like crazy about this one devastating lie told to the american people [video]
trump threatens to file battery charges on reporter his campaign manager assaulted
sarah palin cheers on trump’s persecution of the free press and gets humiliated for it
nancy pelosi slams ‘trumpian stupidity’ and his ‘verbal poo poo’
anti-defamation league literally schools sean spicer; offers to be his tutor on holocaust
gotcha! cnn panelist called out for lying about terror attacks in the us [video]
trump team getting approval on white nationalist nominees from the worst lying troll on the web
so much for outreach: black staffers are jumping ship from the rnc
house democrats make stunning move to implement sharia law in america
humiliating: democrats use russian warships as backdrop for tribute to u.s. veterans at dnc
watch: best description of uk brexit yet…conservatives will stand up and cheer!
claremont colleges “students of color” refuse to live with whites: “i don’t want to live with any white folks”…”don’t see how this is racist at all”
which one of these people tried to lecture the other on the constitution….guesses? [video]
trump livid over kellyanne conway backlash, entire team in chaos
trump advisor has warning for syria that has saved lives [video]
insane bundy supporter: conservatives ready to ‘lynch obama publicly’
watch: gop rep dave brat turned tables on #fakenews cnn…accused them of collusion with liberal media…cnn’s actions are “unethical but not illegal”
berkeley college thugs form human chain to stop white students from attending class [video]
trump shows amazing disrespect for media, brags about holding rally without his press corps
who needs nancy pelosi when congress has paul ryan: “it’s [obamatrade deal] declassified and made public once it’s agreed to”
hollywood ‘has been’ hypocrite danny devito tells america: “we are a bunch of racists” [video]
the irs already commented on trump’s tax returns and even they call him a liar
michelle obama wore a nice dress, so conservatives called her ‘ape’ and ‘gorilla’
michigan’s republican governor needs your tax dollars to fix the flint water crisis he created
fbi joins investigation of michigan’s governor rick snyder over flint water crisis
lol! snarky white yahoo sports writer trashes black nhl player p.k.subban for saying he’ll “never kneel during national anthem” because he has “too much respect for american flag”
boom! watch dr ben carson’s mic drop moment with this one statement about planned parenthood
lawyer for fbi informant: my client knows what russians were saying during bribery of clintons [video]
obama lies exposed: new info shuts down obama’s claims of ignorance on emails [video]
handpicked successor and son of disgraced lawmaker john conyers reportedly body-slammed, spit upon and slit his girlfriend with knife
pat robertson is having a total meltdown and it’s all thanks to rachel maddow
“racist” president jackson to be replaced with black female representing “struggle for racial equality” on $20 bill
a must see! media scorched for their bias against trump by former gunnery sgt. [video]
feel good story of the day: globalist billionaire george soros melt down…calls trump “con artist”…says he threatens “open society model”
[video] flashback to the lie about the video on the other 9-11: #neverforget the 4 brave men who were left to die in #benghazi
obama continues to pummel trump with some pretty harsh truths he won’t want to hear
cancer patient mocked by leftist comedian as trump “nazi” gets the last laugh [video]
robert reich’s conversation with a fmr. gop rep. exposes just how much of a fascist trump is
as world trade center fell, donald trump boasted his tower was now the biggest in manhattan
snyder gets served some very bad news from court: it’s time to answer for flint
too funny! chuck schumer tries to lead liberal chant… it’s an epic fail just like his effort to block neil gorsuch! [video]
28 things trump promises to do as president…a must read for all voters!
sanders supporters ready to raise hell at dnc after e-mail leaks prove dems stole election from bernie
loretta lynch makes disturbing video encouraging dems to fight back like those before us: “they’ve marched…they’ve bled…and yes, some have died…we did this before…we can do this again!”
watch: paul manafort gets destroyed on cnn for defending trump’s lies
globalization’s inside man: the problem with david petraeus in trump’s cabinet
you won’t believe the mailer the rubio campaign just sent out of jeb bush’s mother
three shocking reasons why hillary clinton is considered an abortion extremist
french journalist hit with huge fine for “inciting hate” against muslims…even though we all know what he said is true
democrats go to war over health care, hold senate floor in protest
federal showdown looms in oregon after blm abuse of local ranching family – bundys lead protest
clinton pal and former governor: ugly women won’t vote for trump…“there are probably more ugly women in america than attractive women”
bigger than snowden: wikileaks ‘vault 7’ classified cia leak  – what does it mean?
bravo! msnbc anchor rips into hypocrisy of media on trump’s election result comment [video]
freshman orientation: it’s racist to ask asian students for math help…don’t ask black students if they play basketball…and more insanity you won’t believe!
obama is funding nuclear weapons that will be used against u.s…retired air force general exposes danger obama poses to security of u.s. [video]
nbc busted making up embarrassing “gotcha” trump story in attempt to help hillary
watch the nra’s wayne lapierre support then oppose then support firearm background checks
list of 22 times obama called phony climate change more serious than terrorism
encryption truth: what the fbi aren’t telling you about their battle with apple and san bernardino
u.s. air force runs out of bombs to drop on isis…don’t worry though, barry’s got this
watch tucker carlson face off with new york times editor who claims “high journalistic standards” at the liberal rag [video]
boom! broncos player has message for fellow nfl players disrespecting our flag: “we live in the greatest country on earth”…if you don’t like it here…”why do you stay?”
fox news ‘terror analyst’ pleads guilty to major fraud, faces 40 years in prison
bill o’reilly says our economy will implode if we don’t keep pushing poverty
nyt bombshell: trump and mcconnell not speaking; mcconnell questioning trump’s gop future
hollywood hip to al qaeda: ‘and the oscar for best documentary short goes to…’
watch how anti-american actress, emily blunt “dixie-chicked” herself only days before her new movie release [video]
betty won’t bite! watch what happens when katie couric desperately tries to goad betty white into blaming trump for obama’s divided nation [video]
take a number, you’re gonna be here a while…remember when barack promised number of emergency room visits would decrease with obamacare?
watch: rachel maddow laughs at republican effort to pass universally hated trumpcare bill
norwegian government returns 5 children to family after removing them from home for “christian radicalism and indoctrination”
veteran who gave trump his purple heart explains why he did it…shuts down critics [video]
conservative dream come true: judge grants rapist joint custody of victim’s child
espn’s jemele hill: don’t tell me to just “stick to sports” [video]
paul krugman: obama rolled back ronald reagan’s tax cuts for the rich
caught on camera: devastating moment 2100 people find out job outsourced
southside chicago blacks fight against liberal elites on removing statues: “leave that statue alone!” [video]
trump busted giving the middle finger to italy’s prime minister
close trump ally just admitted he communicates with wikileaks
key democrats mocked in saturday night live skit: ‘we’re baaack!’ [video]
gop furious as repeal fails, americans now prefer obamacare over entire republican party
us boots: us marines deployed for ground combat in iraq
trump attacks hillary: “she is a world class liar!”
a massive screw up may have just cost trump the nomination – and it’s all his fault
outrage and desperation: video captures american company telling 1,400 workers their jobs are going to mexico
republican seeks to charge protesters as terrorists with new law targeting anti-trump movement
watch: fox hosts claim hillary has brain damage because she wears eyeglasses
watch: trump literally accuses the media of covering up terrorist attacks
trump indicates wh previously lied, second secret putin meeting was ‘more than small talk’
crybaby trump revokes washington post press credentials, newspaper responds with middle finger
report: gop voters are too stupid to know jeb and george w. bush are related
bombshell: obama ensured uranium exportation…ignored national security fears [video]
wow! woman totally freaks out at sight of confederate flag in store…real or fake outrage? [video]
billionaire liberal governor boosted state’s economy by taxing the rich
soros and democrat mega-donors meet to plot their war against donald trump
(video) desperation? clinton campaign panders to radical black groups
(video) breaking: why obama was snubbed by saudi and other arab leaders in security summit
trump is already mulling his cabinet picks and it’s clear he has no idea what he’s doing
elizabeth warren is going off on trump’s pick of mike pence, and it’s magical
paul ryan forced to speak on trump’s anti-semitic tweeting: ‘no place in a presidential campaign’
msnbc hack asks if president trump is “trying to provoke a domestic terrorist attack”? [video]
watch: kellyanne conway gives dreaded answer to liberal hack, “this week” host george stephanopoulos’ question about trump’s plans to run in 2020
[video] leftist cnn host actually said this: chattanooga terrorist is “good looking…this guy actually reminds me of dzhokhar tsarnaev”
flashback: american pastor tells what trump did for his family while he was in iranian prison
how republicans plan to steal the 2016 election
donald trump jr slams kathy griffin for playing the victim [video]
working class revolt! old school jersey patriots let the liberals and hollywood have it! [video]
anti-trump anarchists attack pro-trump rally participants…trump supporters fight back! [video]
kentucky republicans introduce abortion ban, tells women they have no choice
watch: smartphone captures new boatload of “scared, hungry women and children” on their way to europe…while 6.6 million more are waiting to cross
trump campaign chair says racism didn’t exist before obama – promptly resigns
michelle obama went to a birthday party, so conservatives called her ‘ghetto trash’
(video) what the heck! michelle obama stars in awkward kickboxing video
not so fast: ca libs try to ‘drought shame’ conservative actor tom selleck for ‘stealing’ water, but ventura county sheriff disagrees
#waronchristmas: starbucks attempts to capitalize on christmas by erasing any sign of christmas from “red cup”
take action to put safety first: demand congress stop funding refugee resettlement with your tax dollars
watch: bill maher explains how republicans get away with their outrageous lies
watch: anderson cooper destroys ted cruz over his hypocrisy on trump
breaking news: man with laptop on american airlines flight to honolulu subdued after attempting to break down cockpit door [video]
an angry morning joe skewers trump minion general michael flynn for sharing fake news
was michelle obama in on beyonce’s cop-hating super bowl performance? [video]
numerous public rapes of teenage girls reported at swedish music festivals: “rapes at swedish festivals are not really news anymore”
trump accuses clinton of ‘raping our country’
take this short quiz: which radical said it? we guarantee the answers will surprise you…
trump reportedly thinking about replacing jeff sessions with candidate who won’t cower to pressure from the swamp
wow! this letter from july 30th predicts obama’s toxic spill into river by epa to secure superfund money
fbi investigation into hillary’s email server entering “very, very dangerous phase” [video]
it’s bad enough canadian magazine puts a smiling terrorist on cover…why would they ask two victims to pose with him?
[video] deaf team usa athlete sexually assaulted by leftist thug protestors…guess who police threatened to arrest?
after a surprise detour…president trump arrives in palm beach to celebrations and protests: “we are victorious” [video]
lol! most arrested soros protesters didn’t even vote…listen to hilarious reason they’re protesting [video]
ice agent spills: we’re targeting children for detention ‘because we can’
michele bachmann believes god was punishing obama with brussels terrorist attacks
will ‘trumponomics’ bankrupt america?
talk show host whines that no one called george w. bush ‘my n***a’ at correspondents’ dinner
president trump announces decision on paris climate deal…america first! [video]
harvard islamic studies prof dragged off flight by police: ‘i’m a professor!’ [video]
ca democrat starts petition demanding mental evaluation of trump
nyt’s gives “thumbs up” to new “justice league” movie, starring accused sexual predator ben affleck: “better than the last one!”
is hillary’s house of cards tumbling down with the mutiny of this billionaire green guru
breaking: trump was right! trump campaign manager wiretapped
nsa contractor arrested for leaking classified documents on russian hacking to the media
the federalist runs ridiculously offensive story claiming republican women are more attractive
[video] the left is going to really dislike ms south carolina’s answer to this question about guns
not kidding: students are given counseling after seeing a “symbol of oppression” on student’s laptop
country guitarist who survived vegas shooting changes mind on gun control: ‘how wrong i was’
flashback: ‘the syrian war: what you’re not being told’
fox news finally fired an analyst for going too far with lies defending trump
cops in republican senate office violently assault disabled protesters; reports of serious injuries
watch 8th grader destroy disgraced detroit city council member and wife of us representative in debate [video]
seth meyers summed up monday’s events perfectly [video]
trump denies leaking israeli source, confirming source is israeli on international television
watch: cnn does segment from bunker in hawaii, tells viewers hawaii’s been preparing for nuclear strike since trump took office…cnn’s best survival tip: “find a cave”
wow! tx congressman on impeachment and removal of hillary if she wins election
post-obama america: liberal thug gets physical with n. dakota gop rep at town hall [video]
president obama to gop: decent human beings would not stand behind trump
former justice department official on why comey was fired: “you never do that.”
lesbians4hillary? wait…what about her unyielding support for traditional marriage in this video?
lol! lawless hs snowflakes try to bust out of school for anti-trump protest…school locks them in! [video]
one democrat who refuses to cast electoral vote for crooked hillary could end it all for her [video]
tom cotton accepted $1 million from israel to sabotage iran nuclear deal
(video) geller on her own: after death threats from jihadis it’s crickets from fbi and dhs
watch: michael moore slams trump for caring more about twitter than national security briefings
hillary clinton jumps the shark with ‘trump’s secret russian server’ conspiracy theory
wikileaks: why is the clinton “scooby” van fitted with this? [video]
president trump’s hard line on border security: releases a shocking list of cities refusing to detain illegal aliens [video]
jesse watters like you’ve never seen him before! watch him rip into juan williams over calling trump family “unpatriotic”…schools him on corrupt democratic party ties to communism, on crooked hillary and barack obama
angry that benghazi panel couldn’t bury hillary, right-wing nuts hilariously turn on trey gowdy
i got this! gop melts down over iran detaining navy, obama brings ‘em home
trump horrifically declares getting an abortion should carry ‘some form of punishment’
white people have gone absolutely crazy in snl’s ‘the day beyoncé turned black’
a potential nuclear disaster is looming in ny state and nobody in the news is talking about it
trump declares that america ‘worships god’ and gets pounded on twitter with the constitution
who is this woman and why did hillary have her copy top secret info…does she hold the secrets to emailgate?
“the left is willing to risk civil war in america, nuclear war with russia because they’re ‘butt-hurt’ about losing…let that sink in” [video]
south africa’s “female” olympian favored to win gold in women’s 800 meter race tonight threatens other athletes on social media…should “she” even be competing with women? [video]
man who vandalized mosque, placed bacon on door looking at possible life sentence
trump lets loose on crooked hillary: “fbi is reopening case into her criminal and illegal conduct that threatens the security of the united states of america”…nh crowd erupts, “lock her up” [video]
ammon bundy’s own ‘safety’ committee tells him and his militia terrorists to go home
john mccain’s 2008 top campaign adviser abandons gop over trump: ‘i’m with her’ instead
update on 9/11 memorial banned for “triggering” college snowflakes
cnn caught lying again… this time, about “peaceful” protests in hamburg [video]
trump’s second favorite sheriff just very suddenly resigned
judge napolitano: james comey’s pre-testimony reveals trump did nothing illegal [video]
watch: paul ryan gets slapped in the face with a huge dose of reality about obamacare
key architect of the iraq war now a trump surrogate
bundy terrorists dug feces-filled trench on sacred land, left all kinds of stuff behind
police called to grisly murder scene: find decapitated blow up sex doll in city overrun by muslim immigrants
when a journalist covers trump, they get death threats from white supremacists like this
why the huge 1.1 million drop in food stamp enrollment? [video]
breaking: flint’s democrat mayor sued after whistleblower rats her out for stealing donations meant for residents
secret dumps of toxic waste on private property by epa: will the government bullies at the epa finally be exposed?
exposed: why a liberal’s defense of radical islam is the most dangerous kind of hypocrisy
fl cops face prison after brutally beating unarmed man
sara carter was right about spying on trump! “this goes far beyond what is being reported” [video]
desperate for members, white supremacists beg rally goers to make it ‘sexy’ – no joke
[video] #blacklivesmatter terrorists storm dartmouth library, threaten students: ‘f*ck you, you filthy white f*cks!’
america is closer to becoming sweden than you think…don’t believe us? watch this…
#trexit: swing state apocalypse…democrats leave party in massive numbers…hillary won’t recover
unhinged trump protester arrested for slapping police officer’s horse
judge rules: obama white house showed ‘bad faith’ in global-warming case
scott baio tries to push hillary’s ‘body double’ conspiracy and fails miserably
knowing they have idiot viewers, fox news asserts obama won’t be running again
watch: fox news host flies off the handle at republicans for not supporting trump
palin stands with disgraced espn analyst curt schilling by bashing trans people in his honor
obama uses hiroshima visit to blame religion for wars…doesn’t mention pearl harbor [video]
(video) elitist media stoops to new low attacking trump for telling the truth: “carly cut his balls off with the precision of a surgeon.”
lol! “the view’s” classy co-host joy behar tells van jones: “you don’t deal with white supremacists”…“when they go low…we need to go lower”…”f**k your kumbaya” [video]
how los angeles county helps illegal aliens get free benefits paid for by you!
trump already going ballistic over maddow getting his tax returns – releases unhinged statement
gop congress just delivered trump the biggest insult possible; they are completely ignoring him
how a simple glass of water could expose the truth about hillary’s serious health issues and cause her to lose the election [video]
watch liberal cnn lawyer skewer “village idiot” hillary clinton: “clear violations of federal records act”
share this everywhere! diseased refugees get ssn and passport upon arrival to the u.s. [video]
is hillary going down in flames? latest poll shows her losing big time credibility with her most important voters
watch: teacher makes example of 10-yr old boys because they stood with their hands over their hearts for pledge of allegiance
high school teacher seeks help from union after being fired for stomping on american flag in class [video]
fbi redux: what’s behind new probe into hillary clinton emails?
australia prime minister tells trump to man up and accept refugees because ‘a deal’s a deal’
watch video media will never show their viewers: massive line of people who lost everything wait to see president trump speak in corpus christie
the kaiser ceo loves obamacare – thinks aetna did it wrong
watch: senator john mccain tells tmz sports reporter he’s okay with nfl players disrespecting our flag
the existential question of whom to trust
the trump administration is helping scam universities steal money from their students
christian high school told by state they are no longer allowed to pray before games
donald trump goes on insane coke-fueled rant at rally, practically tries to incite civil war
‘pharma bro’ just yelled this at hillary to remind us he’s still a massive douche
starbucks ‘pleased’ that their cafes are now segregated for men and women
cloaked order: who’s really behind ‘new authority’ for cia drone strikes?
gop billionaire issues harsh message to congress: impeach or i’m done
obama warns: crackdown on terrorism in u.s. would violate iran deal
gingrich: trump will repeal 60-70% of obama’s executive orders
trump supporter: there will be civil war whether trump wins or not
media tells trump to go f*ck himself for demanding they portray protesters as his ‘enthusiastic supporters’
wow! angry nancy pelosi calls defunding planned parenthood a “manhood thing” [video]
hypocrite ivanka gets skewered for approving dad’s move to kill obama pay equality rules
putin tells obama and western media: “either stop talking about it or finally show some kind of proof”
professor gives instruction for what’s acceptable after mass migration and conquering of a nation [video]
class act! watch the today show’s matt lauer get shot down by trump’s friend new england patriots owner bob craft [video]
flashback: two muslims living in us with criminal records attack gay med student in dc: if you were “in my country…you’d be stoned to death…just like muhammad commanded” [video]
fbi director comey’s ‘leaked’ memo explains why he’s reopening the clinton email case
boiler room #89 – island of misfit toys
tip of the iceberg: four somali muslim ‘refugees’ busted lying to get citizenship
irony alert! dc’s day without women literally led by a man…event turns into anti-trump rally: “he is wrong. we have to stop him.” [video]
media lie exposed: hundreds of students rally in support of fired sc school cop: fight back against cop-hating, race baiting media[video]
orlando ‘known wolf’ watched by fbi, worked with dhs, amid crisis actors, drills & ci’s
brainwashed children mock president trump in disturbing washington post video
episode #162 – sunday wire: ‘the revolution will not be televised’ with guest vanessa beeley
kellyanne conway: trump is ‘gracious’ to not prosecute clinton while recount is underway
if you answer ‘yes’ to these fbi questions, then you might be a terrorist
mexican president tells trump one more time that mexico isn’t paying for his stupid wall
flashback: remember when obama was caught telling russian president he’d have “more flexibility” after he won re-election? [video]…why didn’t anyone question “russian interference” in his defeat of mitt romney who called russia “our biggest threat”?
the chalkening: political chalk drawing bandit terrorizing liberals across america [video]
twitter is merciless with rush limbaugh’s thoughts on the cincinnati zoo’s gorilla controversy
full-frontal assault on censorship: canada’s post office refuses to deliver satirical newspaper because it’s “offensive”
american psychoanalytic association gives members permission to diagnose trump’s mental health
walmart makes senior veteran greeter remove military cap…okay for muslim employee to wear this
breaking: anti-trump muslim known for creating drama to post on you tube is kicked off delta flight…screams discrimination [video]
flashback: trump plans strategy against north korea in ’99 interview [video]
cia finally puts biggest lie about iraq war to rest; bush/cheney should be in prison
jake tapper gets blasted on twitter for posting “insensitive” image of ca wildfires only 10 minutes after posting about fire-related deaths
watch: samantha bee stomps conservative ‘christians’ using their own history
trump’s latest appointee is a climate denier, a racist, a birther, a homophobe, and an islamophobe
new law will punish muslim migrants…assimilate or get out!
never before seen: fbi trove of 9/11 pentagon photos refuels conspiracy suspicions
this old tweet from trump reveals the real reason he’s trying to start a war
disney’s espn punishes trump for free speech…isn’t it time america punished disney for putting their leftist agenda before free speech?
breaking: why did massachusetts officials wait so long to release this video showing thug shooting police officer in face? [video]
in one glorious move, cnn refuses to bow down to trump; he will be livid
watch: australian senator forced to resign only two days after video of her breastfeeding while giving speech in parliament goes viral
black harvard students host separate segregated graduation ceremony
u.s. spy satellites detect north korea transferring anti-ship cruise missiles to patrol boat
[video] obama tells hometown kenyans: “i’m a pretty good president, and if i ran for a third term, i could win”
martha stewart makes lewd gesture towards trump portrait at art fair…boycott!
epic! black conservative calls out cnn anchor on trash talking trump: “you sit here and attack the president!” [video]
boom! this is how president reagan handled protesters: “negotiate? what is there to negotiate?” [video]
watch hilariously awkward moment between rick perry and al franken: “oh my lord!” [video]
former business partner predicts prison for trump once he tells authorities what he knows
michele bachmann says trump is the gop nominee ‘cause god™ was godding it up
update on monster mom who kicked little boy out of home for voting trump at school…”we don’t do donald trump here!” [video]
trump fan drives jeep through crowd of protesters
great! see what trump did when he was told there was no time to sing the national anthem [video]
smoking gun? first fisa request on trump tower came after bill clinton, obama’s ag loretta lynch had private meeting on plane
watch stephen colbert moderate a hilarious trump vs. trump debate
trump supporters storm maxine waters town hall…demand entry after being denied…”let us in!” [video]
after gm’s taxpayer bailout and $10 billion in forgiven debt…cars now made in china [video]
trump’s policy adviser? a former lobbyist with ties to an african warlord
10 reasons a vote recount is a really bad idea for america
the world speaks out on trump — top foreign diplomats unite against him
federal judge goes on rant about cops killing blacks….declares: “black lives matter!”…blames deaths of cops on cops
gunfight erupts: muslim migrants fight to keep minority christians out of camp in northern france
breaking: benghazi report shows state department withheld weapons to agents because they were not “aesthetically pleasing”
watch: mark cuban informs fox host that media would cover trump better if he would just shut up
(video) terror threat alert: america celebrates july4th under the watchful eye of homeland security
the future of the democratic party in one picture
conservatives raise hell over obama’s wedding ring with dumbest conspiracy ever
trump supporter who sucker punched black protester: ‘next time, we might have to kill him’
jihad for dummies: how us army enlistee, mohammed abdullah hassan was caught attempting to bomb us army base
bernie sanders and his wife shut down supporter after he disrespects hillary clinton (video/tweets)
remember when the left thought it was ‘funny’ to say about mccain: “i don’t buy the war hero thing”
facing tough re-election, sheriff joe says he’s still investigating obama’s birth certificate
infamous romanian hacker tells fox news host how “easy” it was to hack hillary’s server [video]
“blood on their hands” for voting rights: the truth about shocking number of murders by illegal aliens in us hidden by media and dems [video]
idaho republicans push bill to let teachers use bible in science class
lol! prince of country who gave hillary $50 million begs americans not to vote for trump
inauguration protesters could face decades in prison; this is war against the first amendment
it’s trump or…it’s the end of america
assange: ‘crazed clinton campaign tried to hack wikileaks’
right-wingers super p*ssed that school board will not allow federal agents to target kids
no toilet paper?! socialism is in its final stages for venezuela so byotp
why obama ignored murder by illegal alien in sanctuary city: you have never seen megyn kelly this mad before!
conservatives throw a hissy fit because michelle obama talked about slavery at black history museum
debbie wasserman schultz’s dnc resignation clears the way for a better democratic party
how florida’s lax gun laws are endangering the public
liberal lunatic chris matthews scolded by piers morgan for trashing trump family [video]
wake up! george soros “drastically ramps up” effort to destroy america
despicable trump announces an end to daca, will kick 800,000 kids out
despite whining, trump’s kids actually can vote for him in ny primary (if they weren’t lazy)
confederate flag flying georgia cop loses job
breaking: brother of las vegas massacre suspect has been arrested in california
sunday screening: psywar (2010)
looks like the founding fathers may have actually disqualified ted cruz from running
crooked hillary clinton’s latest speech to be crashed by angry haitians pushing for answers
ron paul: syria has been in chaos ever since obama said ‘assad must go’
watch: new ‘birdie’ sanders ad celebrates resounding weekend victories
watch tucker carlson face off with new york times editor who claims “high journalistic standards” at the liberal rag [video]
leaked audio: msnbc worked with trump during town hall to ensure he didn’t get tough questions
yea! gop senator goes off on liberal dem spouting lies about trump tax plan: ‘gimme a break!’ [video]
karma’s latest victim: birthers drag ted cruz to court to challenge his eligibility for presidency
beyonce performs graphic anti-cop song…dancers ‘shot’ one by one on stage [video]
richard dreyfuss just showed ‘little-dick’ donald trump how to win a twitter battle
ouch! the left’s “other woman” just landed a direct hit on hillary…and she is spot on!
new poll: way more americans want trump impeached than approve of the job he is doing
nordstrom cancels ivanka trump brand after liberal complaints #boycottnordstrom
mike huckabee posts ‘super racist’ cinco de mayo tweet, america responds perfectly
trump gets laughed off twitter after saying comey’s ‘illegal leaks’ will be ‘prevalent’
ohio vfw bans nfl’s cleveland browns viewing after anthem protest: “we like our browns…we love our flag more”
the law says donald trump can already be impeached and that might be the plan
don lemon blows up at gop guest for brushing off trump’s 2nd amendment threat
michelle obama to host “iranian festival” at white house
eric trump pathetically attempts to defend daddy’s latest 3 a.m. temper tantrum on twitter
disgusting: cleveland cops join hate group who inspired multiple murders of fellow officers to disrespect our flag
shocking new movie shows how easily islamic terrorists can cross our wide-open northern borders
obamacare taking down more rural hospitals
market crash! obama’s speech 3 days ago: “anyone claiming that america’s economy is in decline is lying” [video]
german residents fight back: anti-islamic song with no words knocks adele off top spot
republicans surrender to trump, fear historic loss of senate and house
how the clinton’s got rich off donations from people who thought they were helping poverty-stricken haiti earthquake victims [vide0]
mother of crying baby at trump rally: “mr. trump never kicked me or my child out”…liberal reporter backs up her story
lynch mob wins by less than 1%…why republicans are to blame for leftist doug jones’ victory
diversity gone wild: us government plans to replace alexander hamilton on $10 bill with a woman…
you’ll love this powerful rant for trump from former bernie campaign manager [video]
report: donald trump has been involved in thousands of lawsuits – the total number will floor you
black family blasts trump for using photo as ‘propaganda’: we don’t support him
oops! hillary’s hit woman lied about trump groping her…eye-witness comes forward: “it was she that was the one being flirtatious”
trump for american jobs! testifies in 1991 predicting housing tumble [video]
this third grader obliterated donald trump in a letter every conservative needs to read
watch women’s march activist: ‘missing black girls” connected to trump tax returns
dhs spends millions to keep employees on paid leave for up to three years!
boom! first antifa coward arrested for not removing his mask…berkeley cops not standing down at free-speech rally [video]
trump signs huge saudi arms deal
best tweet of the day is from @soopermexican
watch: mark cuban and stephen colbert hilariously torch donald trump
boiler room #92 – the (hollywood) hills have eyes
watch: trump surrogate tries to spin taco truck fiasco, gets laughed at
president trump turns c-pac into t-pac: “era of empty talk is over…i’m not representing the globe; i’m representing your country” [video]
watch: rob reiner rips rick santorum a new one for defending mentally ill trump
sociopathic liar: hillary hid serious health issues from public in 1998 and again in 2003
trump whines that diverse ‘hamilton’ cast and audience opposed bigoted mike pence with insane twitter rant
trump’s first government agency visit: cia
michelle, sasha and malia will join barack on trip to communist cuba…why not, it’s only the taxpayer’s money
rosie o’donnell gets a tongue lashing for her attack on barron trump: “why don’t you worry about your own children, and why they don’t want to be with you” [video]
episode #199 – sunday wire: ‘trigger warning: id politics’ with gilad atzmon and jay dyer
arizona state univ doubles tuition… claims it needs more state funds…finds $500k to donate to clinton “slush fund”
bombshell: frustrated outgoing army general says obama’s military cuts making enemies more emboldened…iraq didn’t need to collapse [video]
breaking: [video] controversial mayor who refused to allow sharia law in texas city where muslim clock boy went to school explains why school can’t tell their side of story
joy behar delivers brutally honest message to trump that he’ll have to agree with
stunning: hillary’s own numbers show her tax hike proposals will cost american workers additional $1 trillion
ha! they’re not forgetting about hillary at the world series!
trump finally booted a certain white supremacist from the national security council
(video) karl rove misses the mark on just how fed up americans are right now
trump’s voter fraud ‘expert’ just disproved his own voter fraud argument in the most ironic way possible
refugee students sue pa school district because school isn’t good enough for them
watch: fox news host defends slavery in bizarre rant
toronto imam wants muslims to only do business with muslims, work together to implement sharia law
alabama lawyer laughably files lawsuit against five scotus justices for same-sex marriage ruling
trump wins! supreme court rules on travel ban in unanimous decision [video]
why this new book by lib writer and radio host will send shock waves through the democrat party
yahoo caves in to nsa, fbi – and secretly monitors customer email accounts for us gov’t
sick of hollywood liberals and perverts? here’s your chance to support hollywood conservatives in new movie “let there be light” that president trump just tweeted about [video]
“meathead” rob reiner calls for ‘all out war’ against trump…twitter user warns “hollywood folks” to be careful…they might just get a war
dear anti-trump protesters: “your behavior is why trump won in the first place” [video]
north carolina drug tested welfare recipients and the results are surprising
this conservative wants to let scalia vote from the grave on scotus cases
new bombshell report shows dnc emails were copied on east coast only 5 days before seth rich murder…disproves russian hacking theory
boiler room #104 – war sells… but who’s buying
epic! ted cruz reminds crooked dems about their “silence” while obama and regime broke multiple laws for past 8 years [video]
was killer of female nypd officer, hillary supporter inspired by democrat leaders, black lives matter anti-cop rhetoric?
wow! facebook hq’s joins obama’s war on cops…a closer look at this huge sign proves it
it took a scathing letter from canada’s prime minister to make fox news finally correct fake story
trump fans at wisconsin game wear obama mask with noose attached
wow! catholic priest delivers message from bishop: voting for hillary “jeopardizes your spiritual well-being” you “should not receive holy communion” [video]
zimbabwe’s corrupt government seeks extradition of american lion hunter: secret memo shows u.s. was aware of $45-$60 million trophy hunting business
lol! hollywood announces name of new awards show to replace the oscars…and it’s hilarious!
all whites in back…democrats prove their obsession with race in one ridiculous photo
hillary panics…totally freezes when protesters shout…secret service jumps onstage [video]
the angry left attacks trump for letting 11-year old mow white house lawn [video]
sarah palin faceplants, immediately starts speaking in tongues about hillary
telecom company gets the f*ck out of georgia after lawmakers legalize discrimination
4th of july humor: brutal cartoon shows difference between liberals and proud americans
whoa: steve bannon tricked trump into handing him an insane amount of power
just in: listen to trump tell howard stern it’s fine to call his daughter a ‘piece of ass’
snarky chuck todd snaps at kellyanne conway for criticizing the press…conway strikes back! [video]
immigrant ghanaian woman pleads guilty to $3.6 million in food stamp fraud…media ignores her immigrant status
here’s trump’s hilariously illegal plan to force mexico to fund his border wall
the right celebrated trayvon martin’s birthday…by being disgusting a-holes
watch: fox sports radio host nearly shuts down cnn interview when he offends hypocritical host with one word
china warns trump: provoke north korea and ‘pay the price’
benghazi spokesliar susan rice tells cnn: ‘we should expect’ iran to use funds it gets for terrorist operations [video]
boiler room – ep #49 – what is real: brussels, yemen, trump?
“blood on their hands” for voting rights: the truth about shocking number of murders by illegal aliens in us hidden by media and dems [video]
watch: kellyanne conway gets grilled so hard she uses any excuse to defend trump
store owner bashes liberal obamaites as he shuts his doors and moves
words of wisdom from ‘the view’: whoopie threatens to leave u.s. if trump doesn’t stop picking on immigrants, while joy behar offers some incoherent thoughts on wwii
trump in puerto rico disgustingly tells puerto ricans it’s costing too much to save them
epic tucker carlson! liberal hack demolished for claim about russian hacking and trump’s response [video]
a-list fundraiser for clintons in nyc brings out the rich and famous…but she’s just like you
trump campaign official predicts the future: ‘bow down to president trump’
trump staff defends shoving breitbart reporter by saying they thought she was liberal
illegal aliens set up huge tent city…you won’t believe where it is! [video]
rick perry’s confirmation hearing just got extremely uncomfortable during exchange with al franken
report: priebus withdraws plans to prop trump up after hearing his hateful immigration speech
trump’s dc hotel raised price and made millions in months off his presidency
stephen king says what we’re all thinking about trump and it instantly goes viral
watch: reliable sources explains ‘trumpbart’ and how it will shape the election
brilliant and true: this is all you need to know about the failure of baltimore’s leaders
privacy alert: your vacuum cleaner is spying on you…no consent required to share your data
media ignores post on facebook from man who threatened to blow up ca mosque: “hillary would make a great president”
‘making a murderer’ prosecutor ken kratz finds sickening new way to profit from the avery case
warren drags trump sideways in brutal commencement speech — it’s beautiful
ben carson really just compared gop’s nominating rules to ‘jim crow era’ laws
time magazine makes trump their ‘person of the year’ and promptly gets wasted by twitter
diamond and silk open up large can of whoop a$$ on maxine waters in painfully funny video
trump team allegedly offering government appointments to entertainment scouts
pocahontas calls trump’s comments to dem senator gillibrand “slut-shaming”…so why didn’t she call trump’s comments about romney during the campaign “slut-shaming”? [video]
michigan mayor joins college political science class…goes on rant calling trump ‘despicable’
nails it! mike rowe on why trump won…hillary supporters won’t like this! [video]
henningsen on trump’s foreign policy: russia, syria, iran and cabinet neocons
four-time deported illegal alien gang member sexually assaults 2-yr old girl in front of 4-yr old brother…violently stabs mother, another woman
collapsing: why the ‘russia hack’ witch hunt will not end well for congress, or america
anti-semitism is rapidly rising and it’s all thanks to trump supporters
casts of broadway’s ‘hamilton’ and ‘color purple’ give stunning musical tribute to fallen icon prince
report: team trump ordered border patrol to defy members of congress in original muslim ban
oops! here’s proof the left used “schlonged” when referring to one of their own in 2011 [video]
will trump pull a “romney” in his first debate? says he won’t mention bill’s infidelities unless hillary does this… [video]
trump’s campaign manager caught on tape instigating fight between trump fan and protester
rudy giuliani won’t accept role in trump’s cabinet…tells fox news why [video]
new orleans sued! new documents support lawsuit over confederate statue removal…’bout time!
major trump donor says rape is just ‘regret’
insane man is scaling the trump tower right now…has a message for trump [video]
fake news week: electronic voting – the big lie that just won’t die
this congressman has literally created brutal ‘illegitimacy clock’ for trump, and it’s magnificent
obama’s dream team: illegal alien drug dealers suspected of killing innocent woman sleeping in apt below illegals [video]
lol! obama warns voters donald trump is unvetted, unserious…”this is not a reality show”
‘well-regulated’ militia member shoots 12-year-old girl in stomach during target practice
crooked hillary gets lucky: obama’s state dept. blocks release of hillary’s e-mails until after election
ex-fbi agent navy seal: “russian interference” lie spread by intelligence community is like hitler’s mein kampf [video]
revealed: how democratic party pays agit-prop ‘protesters’ to incite violence at trump events
trouble in paradise? trump distances himself from sarah palin after paul ryan tirade
breaking news: general mattis issues fiery warning to n. korea’s kim jong un…stand down or face “end of its regime…destruction of its people”
boiler room – oregon standoff, cuddle parties, guns n’ posers – ep #41
senator gillibrand pulled strings so muslim athlete who molested 12-year old girl could come to u.s. after his visa was denied
whoa! melania trump just stole a whole paragraph from michelle obama
republican budget cuts could shut down every public school in kansas
shocking video! swarm of over 20,000 african freeloaders flooding mexico to get into the us…#openbordershillary
boiler room ep #81 – halloween fireside book of suspense vol. 1
new video: nice terror attack…what the media’s not telling you
[video] detroit woman kills best friend over 2012 presidential race argument…media refuses to say killer supported obama
mn: somali muslim immigrants explain why it’s acceptable to kill anyone who insults mohammed [video]
wow! fox reporter goes off on seiu thug for telling black protester she wasn’t allowed to speak! [video]
hillary clinton finally asked about the non-disclosure agreement that she signed which obliterates her email defense
no respect! us diplomat attacked by russian guard…our lame response [video]
‘good guy with a gun’ accidentally shoots woman he was ‘saving’ five times
massive mi voter fraud uncovered? 59% of detroit vote counting machines didn’t work on election day…ballots may have been counted several times…votes were certified anyway
can you guess whose famous voice narrates trump’s first tv ad? [video]
obama’s illegals to get retro tax credits for time they worked in us illegally with no requirement to file
wow! us marine and navy veteran writes blistering open letter to khizr khan: “does it matter whether mr. trump has ‘sacrificed’? has ms. clinton ‘sacrificed’ for this nation? how about mr. obama?”
boom! trump drains obama swamp…mandates all ambassadors vacate positions “without exceptions” by inauguration day
how memphis teen defied obama’s “black victim” narrative…used positive attitude and strong work ethic, not violence or freebies to make a better life [video]
reckless: clinton presidency could mean u.s. muslim population would exceed germany’s 4.8 million [video]
bombshell: hillary’s democrat niece is “100 percent” behind her choice for president…and it’s not her “selfish” aunt hillary
not kidding! obama’s education department wants schools to celebrate” undocumented immigrant awareness day”
how progressive! women’s march organizer has ties to terror group hamas…advocates for sharia law
busted! black protester caught dressing in kkk garb pretending to be trump supporter
hummm…where are hillary and bill’s missing millions?
(video) joe biden thinks china is in north america
trump can only think of one qualified woman, and she shares his dna
dan rather goes full-on radical: media must shame donald trump supporters
emails show obama’s epa planned to let flint residents drink poison water until 2016
brilliant! tucker carlson and ayaan hirsi ali discuss terrorism and trump’s travel order: he’s right about the danger of radical islam [video]
msnbc host compares getting close to trump to ‘hugging a suicide bomber’ [video]
released on bail: illegal alien with criminal record is “no show” in court after beating 2 yr old girl so severely, she’s paralyzed and living in foster care
boom! donald trump, jr wins best cruz comment of the night [video]
fabulous 7-year-old protests transphobia for his trans best friend
hillary keeps losing so why is she still winning?
obama cancels ‘sleep’ plans, will stick around to save the democratic party instead
watch: the view’s liberal hags attack meghan mccain for defending flag on her first day as new co-host
newt gingrich on war against trump: “99% of state dept. donations went to hillary” [video]
woman who worked for trump warns “he has to be stopped”
justice…nc thug style: nothing says “injustice” for the black man like looting a walmart [video]
police called to grisly murder scene: find decapitated blow up sex doll in city overrun by muslim immigrants
family feud? why president trump is reportedly blaming jared kushner for mueller indictments
tennessee house speaker warns interns to stay far away from sleazy male lawmakers
[video] kansas dem mayor brags about reduction in white population: thanks radical socialist hispanic group
don’t believe the media! massive fl trump rally…fans walk mile to get into rally [video]…while hillary handlers have to tell her when to smile
liberals see the light! huffpo columnist lets it rip on the obama “destruction” of the democrats [video]
obama pressured u.s. shoe company to keep their mouths shut…but now the deal is off…and so are the gloves!
secret dumps of toxic waste on private property by epa: will the government bullies at the epa finally be exposed?
how is this possible? latino immigrant, anti-trump activist group with ties to george soros and acorn awarded more than $25 million in taxpayer funds
breaking news: reince priebus makes early return home from trump’s first foreign trip
why is mitch mcconnell suddenly so afraid to declare war on isis?
as trump takes 6th golf trip as president the vow he made to never take a vacation goes viral
senator hatch to healthcare protesters: ‘if you want a hearing, you better shut up’ [video]
rapper kanye west reveals his choice for president during concert…crowd goes nuts! [video]
“godfather of fake news” brian williams calls syrian airstrikes “beautiful”…instantly gets destroyed on twitter
truth! donald trump: ‘clinton created isis with obama’ [video]
hard-core, conservative, street artist, sabo videotapes visit from secret service…who is this guy? why does obama fear him?
cnn hosts panic when congressman, lawyer says feds need to investigate seth rich murder during russia-trump collusion discussion [video]
donald trump once took away a sick baby’s medical because of a family feud
father of soldier slain in niger defends president trump: “my son knew what he signed up for”…this is “not about donald trump and this isn’t about a damn phone call!”
#flashbackfriday: watch stunning lies that led to this disgusting sexual predator’s impeachment [video]
just in: fcc votes to repeal obama’s net neutrality rules after bomb threat clears room
elijah cummings just asked 5 questions the white house is scared to death of answering
syria, north korea: trump’s “axis of evil” is bigger and better than the george bush version
trump fanboy newt gingrich turns traitor on him and his economic plan
watch: trump supporter hammers trump for committing treason by defending russia
comedy gold! watch hillary give unbelievable reason she shouldn’t be investigated: ‘terrible signal’ [video]
al gore has the perfect piece of advice for donald trump
michele bachmann goes full stupid, questions if the poor should be allowed to vote
obama burned trump with the truth about his campaign and chance of winning
breaking: ford announces $700 million u.s. investment…jobs, jobs, jobs! [video]
newt gingrich: forget nsa spying, bring back the house un-american activities committee
moviegoing hits 22-yr low…la times blames everyone but anti-trump hollywood
chaos breaks out after illegal alien townhall shuts down: antifa thug arrested and unmasked [video]
american university hires former islamic terror recruiter: “i trust him” [video]
sarah palin celebrates after white man who pulled gun on black protesters goes unpunished
breaking: hillary makes diverse pick for vp….white, middle-aged career politician
social media erupts over awkward photo of marco rubio attempting to hug ivanka trump…rubio’s responses are hilarious!
twitter mercilessly wrecks trump for posting celebratory inauguration day tweet
“unvetted” illegals turn germany into a third-world trash heap…sound familiar? [video]
wow! alex jones releases secretly recorded interview with megyn kelly: “i’ve never done this in 22 years, i’ve never recorded another journalist, but i knew it was a fraud, that it was lie” [video]
judge jeanine pirro rips into the lying media “in cahoots with clintons” [video]
trump friend alex jones just challenged alec baldwin to a fight, and it’s gonna be hilarious
cnn’s fareed zarakia: trump won because his supporters are stupid racists [video]
trump’s national security adviser reportedly trashed him – this is epic
jason chaffetz calls out the gop: “republicans need to get a backbone!” [video]
leftist resentment peddler, larry david (net worth $800 million) claims $5k prize for calling trump a “racist”
if you’re easily offended, don’t watch this american pastor’s rant: “has america gone stupid?”
this is great! one brutal image perfectly captures the hypocrisy of the left
nunes admits he was secretly at wh right before he magically found source ‘vindicating’ trump
fox news legal analyst: comey’s big lie exposed after recent discovery of clinton/lynch tarmac meeting documents
breaking news: trump removes scaramucci from new position!
trump put jennifer hudson and relatives up rent-free in trump towers after her family was murdered…so why isn’t she performing at his inauguration?
donald trump’s trillion dollar bombshell
state funded progressive indoctrination: college prof demands students adopt his atheist beliefs and leftist views…or fail
conservative texas lt. governor tweets vile bible verse after mass shooting in lgbt club
journalist sheryl attkisson: famous dc bureau chief told journalists to take down trump [audio]
gop calls in thugs to stop clinton from winning key swing state
‘vaccine choice’ mom gets jail time for not jabbing her kid
pint-sized malcolm x kneels during pledge of allegiance…mom’s shocking reaction says it all
shout! poll: which us oligarch family is more corrupt?
james comey just called trump a liar, and the white house’s response is nuts
the trump camp just lied through its teeth about an assassination attempt on trump
viewers are demanding shepard smith be fired after fox news’ leftist host, shepard smith, pulled unbelievable propaganda stunt last night [video]
video footage shows houston man shot by cops had his hands in the air
breaking: why did obama just break democrat ranks, throw hillary under the bus on fbi investigation?
meet the brave republican women who are supporting clinton in the boldest #nevertrump move yet
‘maury’ show official facebook posts f*cked up caption on guest that looks like ted cruz
boiler room ep #78
watch: arrogant sexual predator and sometimes “comedian” louis c.k. tells stephen colbert “donald trump is an insane bigot and hitler”
this touching new bernie sanders ad will leave you in tears
dirty politics: how obama’s intel rules changes opened the door for more spying on americans
oops! lindsey vonn gets hit with big dose of karma after trash-talking president trump on cnn
“they have guns, but we have flowers” dad unknowingly exposes “sitting duck” reality of gun-free france in this viral video
watch: president trump’s beautiful video honoring the life of rosa parks reminds everyone of disgusting way president obama made anniversary of parks’ brave act about him
susan rice plays race, gender bias card on why she’s being ‘picked on’ about ‘unmasking’ of trump associates
why it’s good news for conservatives that bitter hillary can’t shut up about losing [video]
is gop establishment responsible for pro-amnesty spanish version of nikki haley’s gop response to obama’s sotu? [video]
unreal! here’s why obama says he stopped using the term “radical islam” [video]
beware the united nations push for “global governance” for the “good of the planet”
corruptocrat maxine waters: ‘impeachment is about whatever the congress says it is’ [video]
feel the bern: supporters line up at 4:30 a.m. to see trump…in bernie sander’s home state
charles barkley drops truth-bomb: blacks, not white people or cops are keeping blacks down
chicago: 20-yr-old muslim woman drops baby to death from 8th floor apartment window…judge sentences her to 4 years probation
boom! dodgers baseball radio legend drops a mid-game rant on socialism [video]
yes! judge jeanine hammers hollywood lefty rosie o’donnell [video]
breaking: the supreme court rules against the epa on power plant regulations
disney introduces new marvel comic books: captain america (captain socialist) beats up conservative terrorists defending u.s. borders and more [video]
usa today caught fabricating story about innocent “dreamer” being deported…here’s the truth [video]
fox news host calls for american muslims with links to isis to be executed without trial
size of crowds trump is drawing vs hillary proves she’s toast [video]
jeb bush blames bad parenting for black crime: says his own kids’ crimes ‘not his fault’
nyc mayor deblasio says ‘something is changing in america” announces new “communist manifesto” agenda
rosie o’donnell thinks martial law is in order to prevent a trump presidency
democrat gun grabber sit-in rages on with a damned ironic feast behind the scenes
watch: the new man in trump’s life is kissing his a** like nobody else ever has
just in: close friend of hillary clinton who planned to “step away from politics” found dead in apparent suicide
watters’ world video asks bernie sanders supporters: what is “democratic socialism?”
california pizza shop gets real life lesson in economics after selling “living wage pizza”
trump caught illegally buying $55,000 worth of his own book… with campaign donations
trump’s bringing churchill’s bust back to oval office…wait till you see who barack obama replaced him with
breaking: who’s laughing now? house gop members introduce resolution to impeach irs commissioner
mom of columbine shooter shames the nra and gun-crazy republicans
north carolina ‘christian’ left death threat as ‘tip’ for gay waitress
here’s the excuse trump made for losing iowa – says running no longer ‘worth it’
it’s happening: fbi carries out predawn raid on trump associate’s home
poll: majority of americans hate trump’s unconstitutional executive orders
judge jeanine is furious! rino’s are plotting to take down president trump…cowardly gop sitting back, watching democrats ‘railroad their president’…only one republican is defending trump [video]
trump supreme court justice neil gorsuch gets humiliated on first day by another judge
unarmed black man tortured, maimed, then executed by mississippi cop
president-elect trump’s inaugural committee announces schedule of events
wow! did “open borders” paul ryan’s top advisor leak trump tapes to liberal press…is gop setting up ryan and romney for presidential bid in 2020?
not to be missed! the brilliant daniel hannan on socialism versus liberty: “hitler was a socialist” [video]
trump just got smacked by newsweek for putting his wallet ahead of our nation’s best interests
obama regime uses image of u.s. constitution in spanish speaking ad encouraging illegals to become citizens/voters
oops! mn: juror in case against cop who killed philando castile reveals how only 2 black jurors on case voted…liberal heads explode in 3…2…1
chuck todd confronts trump over unhinged ‘enemy’ tweet, promptly puts him in his place
no recount? hillary won ca county with most illegal aliens by stunning margin…ex-ice agent explains how easy it is for illegals to vote [video]
shout! poll: do the ‘white helmets’ qualify for a nobel peace prize?
congressional black caucus condemns trump: he’s a racist who cozies up to white supremacists
‘briefcases full of money’…uranium one undercover whistleblower drops bombshell! [video]
obama agrees with muslim news network whose facebook page celebrates jihad against gays in orlando…guns to blame for terror act, not hate-filled, intolerant democrat muslim
pro-illegal advocate accuses jesse watters of hate speech for saying ‘illegal immigrant’ [video]
new study proves america keeps getting better and better under obama
yes, rick santorum asked people to ‘google’ him despite the frothy definition of his name
fda department gets order from white house saying all office tvs must be programmed to fox news only
arrested for being sick, utah man dies in jail
ep #9: patrick henningsen live – ‘our western lands’ with guest doyel shamley
https://100percentfedup.com/served-roy-moore-vietnamletter-veteran-sets-record-straight-honorable-decent-respectable-patriotic-commander-soldier/
kkk poster boy david duke qualifies for louisiana senate debate being held at black university
trump cabinet member mick mulvaney on dc: “this place is much more rotten than we thought” [video]
just in: mystery surrounds obama appointee judge who recused herself from fusion gps case also handling dnc corruption in awan brothers case
anti-american dem rep: the declaration of independence is racist and a lie! [video]
sickening: soros’ protesters block u.s. air force vets from entering inauguration ceremony [video]
gay paypal ceo gives rousing speech endorsing trump: “what trump represents isn’t crazy and it isn’t going away” [video]
watch: black lives matter bernie sanders supporters spit on u.s. flag in front of vets at trump rally
breaking: donald trump is being sued for repeatedly raping a 13-year-old
trump tweet storm on obamacare sets up battle with democrats on “lousy healthcare” [video]
did megyn kelly cross the line in her war with trump in her defense of obama? [video]
eric trump gives dumbest defense for his brother’s russia scandal
trump’s son-in-law obliterated by his jewish family after defending trump’s anti-semitic tweet
angela merkel’s husband is taking melania and ivanka on a tour that will p*ss trump off
bill o’reilly: i’ll flee the country if sanders is elected president
(video) hackers win the “spy lotto” with massive cyber attack on fed employees
the video hillary clinton does not want you to see
fbi just made a solid case for hillary to release her medical records
fake news: the unravelling of us empire from within
nordstrom cancels ivanka trump brand after liberal complaints #boycottnordstrom
actress emmy rossum fires back at trump fans over disgusting anti-semitic threats
mi gop chair, ronna romney-mcdaniel chooses own course: backs republican candidate that won’t make her uncle happy
s.c. sheriff’s dept. just said townville shooting isn’t terrorism because everyone is white
spectre of benghazi: doj drops charges against alleged arms dealer of libyan weapons
obama’s racism czar, “reverend” al sharpton calls for federal police force
town hall insanity! congressman asked if he supports the border wall: “yeah, of course i do” [video]
not even in office and trump communication director forced to resign in scandal
matt damon did not hold back his anger against rick snyder over flint’s water crisis
putin accuses u.s. of leaking flight path of russian plane shot down by turkey…turkey buying isis oil
latest polls show hillary could win one of the most important deep red states
non-profit violent berkeley bamn leader surprised when tables are turned on him during interview [video]
classic! unhinged liberal loses it…screams “nooo!” as soon as trump is sworn in [video]
rofl: an adult film company just offered to make ted cruz’s bizarre dreams come true
judge serves a crushing blow to the florida gop that could change the state’s color
gop in chaos as obamacare vote goes down in flames
sketchy firm behind salacious allegations against trump tries to pull a fast one on senate judiciary committee
guess how leftists, millennials and ‘black lives matter’ morons decided to celebrate the 4th of july?
hillary worked feverishly to return 10 russian spies operating in u.s. in midst of selling 20% of u.s. uranium to russia
feds spend big bucks on minority-only obesity and smoking prevention
breaking: northwestern football players shot down in bid to totally ruin college football
podesta threatens tucker for exposing the truth [video]
why did texas shooter shave his beard only days before he massacred 26 in local baptist church?
shocking videos prove that hillary is willing to endanger lives in u.s. and abroad to protect her political ambitions
priceless: watch bill clinton defend hillary’s criminal activity in 1992 presidential debate
jimmy kimmel asks people on the street about obama’s supreme court nominee [video]
bah humbug! protest petition started after obama gave all government workers a christmas gift
trump ditches press to make “last minute” surprise trip
the trump administration is already taking aim at internet freedom
watch: donald trump goes off on fraud victims whose lives were ruined by his fake university
brief overview: us military sales to lebanon
the internet obliterates trump after he whines about a photo of him cnn used
a-list democrats attend obama’s last taxpayer-funded gig at the white house [video]
federal judge just delivered bad news to hillary clinton about the missing benghazi emails
watch reagan warn us and draw battle lines…trump is finishing the battle against the “liberal fascists” [video]
breaking update: 50 dead, 53 injured after u.s. citizen, muslim extremist who was on fbi radar opens fire during ramadan in worst mass shooting in u.s. history…father of muslim terrorist tells why his son committed horrific act [video]
how the death of supreme court justice scalia puts america’s gun rights in jeopardy [video]
watch: kim jong-un blows up us aircraft carrier in newly released video
speaker scheduled to praise hillary totally trashes her…taken off stage by security [video]
clinton charities raked in taxpayer dollars in the millions
msnbc shocks viewers by announcing prime time ‘town hall’ special to promote donald trump
breaking: house intel launches investigation into leaks: fbi “better have a good answer”
oklahoma republicans pass bill completely outlawing abortion
‘losers’: kellyanne conway responds to clinton campaign joining recount efforts
sarah palin loses her sh*t and rage whines after hillary is not charged by the fbi
hannity tears it up in his best ever rant: ‘hillary clinton and her husband sold out america to the russians!’ [video]
great! trump advisor hits back at sen. liz warren on trump order: entitled to her own opinion but not her own constitution [video]
busted! hillary and bill clinton’s massive money laundering scheme with for-profit university makes trump university accusation look like small potatoes
gop rep. says people could use bales of marijuana to smuggle nukes into the country
lying d.c. mayor’s fear mongering caught on video: tax cut will ‘kill us’…money goes to ‘people like trump'[video]
this state is about to let guns have more rights than most people
judge jeanine hammers obama: “there’s a hero in washington and you need to let him do his job!” [video]
rachel maddow eviscerates trump for his ‘woman’s card’ comments about hillary
watch: anti-gay pastor who wants to kill them all gets bad news and throws massive temper tantrum
watch trump fans converge on trump tower to lend support: “go trump!” [video]
trump doubles down on being an ass to australia, and twitter butchers him
“fair share” fail: trump’s taxes show he paid almost twice the rate of socialist bernie sanders who owns 3 homes, preaches equality [video]
trump will ‘torture’ sessions every day until he resigns: report
undercutting the nation state? chicago group suggests ‘global cities’ should run world affairs
watch: racist fox news goon gets punked by comedian on the streets
breaking: socialist brazil declares financial disaster less than 2 months before start of olympics
rachel maddow asked trump’s campaign manager about his muslim ban–the result was priceless
2015 broke a new climate change record and it’s bad news for the planet
megyn kelly reportedly not very popular with fox staff…book sales are “biggest loser since hillary clinton’s book [hard choices]”
former cia covert agent details why trump’s dismissal of facts is a threat to our country
why reuters is saying with “reasonable confidence” a republican will win the white house in 2016
‘christian’ author rants that women who masturbate are going to hell
one brave man is about to reveal the truth about what really happened in ferguson…black lives matter and the media are not going to be happy [video]
obama is funding nuclear weapons that will be used against u.s…retired air force general exposes danger obama poses to security of u.s. [video]
boom! nsa director rogers drops the line that should shut down trump witch hunt for good [video]
boom! consumer confidence soars to level americans haven’t seen since another republican was president…media silent
german volunteers hold welcome rally: applaud as muslim migrants sing jihadist songs [video]
mother of 12 goes on rant in target store: “mothers…get your children out of this store!” [viral video]
will obama regime be held accountable for dirty tactics they used to take down michael flynn?
london’s first muslim mayor bans “sexy women” on advertisements
in a ruling that will make obama’s head spin, fed judge says telling illegals “show us your papers” is not discriminatory
report: president trump is “odds-on favorite to win re-election” in 2020
wi gov. scott walker: if you’re able-bodied and want welfare, you’re going to be drug-tested
dallas maidan: staged snipers designed to inflict 7/7 ‘strategy of tension’
just in: one dead after trump-loving nazi uses car to mow down dozens of people
watch: nra vp responds to orlando massacre question with unhinged rant
canadian company offers asylum to americans looking to escape donald trump
trump just admitted he mindlessly parrots russian propaganda and twitter kicked his teeth in
kevin spacey predicts what would happen if frank underwood ever debated trump
house gop holds zika bill hostage, proposes plan to slash birth control funding
michelle obama slams america at iranian party: “we’re hearing so much disturbing and hateful rhetoric”
long time democrats, union workers explain why they’re voting for trump [video]
it’s christmas in october: american debt is $18 trillion but dems want to give away free goodies for votes
leaked documents: george soros gave 600k to pro-refugee groups to influence “attitudes”
best tweet of the week: “hillary for sale!”
watch: only 6 people show up to see hillary at tx airport…and she ignored all 6 of them
french journalist hit with huge fine for “inciting hate” against muslims…even though we all know what he said is true
donald trump retweets one of his fans, a ‘whitegenocide’ neo-nazi account
donald trump booed by classless crowd as he leaves the new york times [video]
cnn host john king: trump should be jail, not running for president
pittsburgh police officers boycotting race baiting diva beyoncé’s concert may be forced to work
baltimore’s overzealous prosecutor busted “favoriting” racist tweets [video]
nfl cuts funds for breast cancer, military charity to pay for players’ $89 million ‘social justice’ activism
world’s most popular search engine places fictional story at top of news feed:”melania trump is lonely, racist and obsessed with michelle obama”
wow! “we mexicans need to kill donald trump before he becomes president…cross the border and go and kill trump and his supporters” [video]
obama continues to win as watchdogs confirm iran is complying with treaty
bombshell: comey wanted to expose russian meddling months before election…obama regime barred him from telling public [video]
lame duck: new obama executive action opens door to unlimited arms for salafist terrorists in syria
trump holds ‘pittsburgh, not paris’ rally in d.c. after being told pittsburgh voted hillary
trump to cut doj’s 25 violence against women grants and programs
trump’s attorney general pick thinks kids with disabilities are dragging public schools down
obama’s communist environmental arm tells kids how to reduce their “carbon footprint” this christmas
watch: trump doesn’t want us to remember what he said about russia in 2014
watch: jake tapper rips michael flynn for his hypocrisy
breaking: trump’s campaign manager says she might leave the campaign
top trump official follows his boss’ lead…won’t take huge salary
why would obama regime allow 23 jihad training camps “capable of mounting terror campaigns within u.s.” to remain open?
are the #nevertrumpers coming around? jeb’s son tells texans to get behind trump
grizzly miss-steppe: how washington post rewrote its fake news story on ‘russian hack’ of vermont power grid
the moment ben affleck realized that ‘batman v superman’ was a $400 million flop
hysterical liberals cheer for john kerry…he came to protest something…he’s not sure what it is [video]
breaking: fbi carried out warrant on republican congressman
desperate progressives are losing in germany: leftist politician stabs himself 17 times, blames german right-wing extremists
revealed: trump illegally violated embargo against cuba, putting money in ‘killer’ fidel castro’s hands
was “open-borders” angela merkel behind $4 million taxpayer funded donation to hillary’s “foundation” one month before election?
russia testimony heats up; trump cleans house on key investigators
climate change pact reached: carbon tax and redistribution of wealth coming soon?
female sailor faces discipline by us navy for posting video of herself sitting in protest of national anthem…because…”it’s racist”
boom! watch donald trump win the war of words with barack hussein obama [video]
street performer will let you punch ‘donald trump’ for $5
bernie sanders has perfect response to man ranting about ‘zionist jews’ at ny rally
how can anyone trust them? twitter admits to hiding anti-hillary and negative dnc tweets during election
barack obama’s nsa susan rice ordered spies to provide “detailed spreadsheets” of trump calls…”that’s a felony”…brother of cbs news president also involved [video]
julian assange – “everything that he has said, he’s standing by.”
(video)baltimore in a nutshell: geraldo rivera and rioters scuffle as apologist democrat politician makes excuses for the thuggery
fl hearing goes full racist: we must ban abortion to save ‘white culture’
duck dynasty star stumps for cruz, says ‘rid the earth’ of marriage equality supporters
the trump administration just wrote north korea off – trump looks weaker than ever
women inform gop governor of their reproductive cycle status in protest of anti-abortion law
flashback: hillary and raunchy actress discuss desire to see rock star’s penis: “i’ll look for that” [video]
a new bill in missouri would allow your employer to fire you for using birth control
shocking mob scene caught on video: men with mexican flags attack female trump supporter, throw objects at her face and head
boom! planned parenthood activist tries to embarrass carly fiorina with propaganda…carly eviscerates her with facts [video]
busted: [video] aarp caught using subliminal message to promote ‘martial law’ in recent ad
principles over power: why republicans need to do what’s right to remain relevant
fox news yuks it up, taunts the donald over the reason for his iowa loss
fox host calls hillary ‘a blight on her party’ after her response to #lasvegas massacre [video]
bizarre warning from obama campaign manager screams shadow government coup
u.s. department of education: teachers should incorporate islam in more subjects
the ultimate community organizer: is your neighborhood too white? is it too rich? obama plans to ‘fix’ them using government to force diversity
president trump retweets 3 videos of muslims committing disgusting hate crimes…the left explodes
former joe biden secret service agent claims they had to protect women from him…biden “would grope all of our wives and girlfriend’s a**es”
trump’s first congressional speech stuns media detractors – stock markets rally
obama just warned trump: don’t attack my wife or there will be hell to pay
wow! refugees exposed: here’s the cold hard truth the media won’t tell you…“if saudi arabia is refusing to accept them because they are a national security threat, why are we accepting them?” [video]
black caucus member james clyburn suggests racism is motive for rep. john conyers sexual assault accusers…”these are all white women” [video]
top 10 tweets from democrat debate
philippines: 2016 washington’s fury as philippine’s elections threaten us anti-china policy
here is a comprehensive and up to date list of all the allies trump has offended
[video] us veteran finds flag he carrired on tour desecrated in front yard
donald trump is acting just like kim jong: threatens nk with nuclear war
hannity tells trump to ban all media outlets from the white house except fox news
two rich white guys who made a fortune selling ice cream to rich people introduce new flavor to highlight black voter suppression
cnn host calls out trump’s uncle tom spokeswoman and it is glorious
not a journalist: cnn’s brian stelter manages clinton health cover-up
laura ingraham: gop senior senators “laughed out loud” at building border wall…”actively working against” trump [video]
liberal lansing, mi mayor forced to remove “sanctuary city” status after mi residents hammer him for arrogant announcement on tucker carlson [video]
donald trump just tweeted an incredibly obvious lie and got fact-checked in real time
“wannabe president” barack obama meets with south korean president after trashing president trump in indonesia
scaramucci’s wife files for divorce…why she’s blaming trump
breaking: julian assange reveals more bombshell information on clinton and connections to isis [video]
classy george clooney: “steve bannon is a failed f—ing screenwriter” if he was in hollywood, he’d be “licking my a** to get me to do one of his stupid-ass screenplays”
no! obscure fund of billions to be used to “shore up” obamacare
cnn propagandist jake tapper claims to speak for you: “great concern” for president trump’s “stability” [video]
man makes viral video: demonstrates how obama made himself cry during gun control speech
boom! al sharpton is humiliated by fox host about saying cops should be killed…best part of watters interview: “good luck with the irs”
‘to stop clinton’: the top reason americans will vote for trump
republican goes off on trump’s border wall in stunning no-holds-barred rant
tucker calls out clinton adviser: that is a ‘cover up’ [video]
breaking: michigan native kid rock announces he’s running for us senate
george will is leaving the republican party, and burning his bridges – guess why
nazis whine over impending release of an anti-nazi video game (video/tweets)
oops! secret service opens investigation after madonna tells thousands of angry liberals she’d like to “blow up white house”
watch: trump misses deadline to provide proof of wiretapping and get called out for being a liar
here’s what hillary’s “fair growth” economic plan means for americans [video]
alt-left plans to hijack president trump’s az rally…will he really make them crazy by announcing pardon for america’s toughest sheriff on illegal immigration?
hillary: “trump is offensive to women, but so are rubio and the rest”
trump supporters will get extra special protection during republican convention [video]
dems booed god at the last convention…this time they booed during the opening prayer…you won’t believe why [video]
all canadian provinces will now cover gender reassignment for transgender people
veteran newsman ted koppel scorches o’reilly: you spent 20 years making the news dumber
trump has planted spies to ensure his cabinet’s loyalty – what he’s calling them is terrifying
seth meyers destroys the central economic myth of the gop in one brutal sentence
town’s parade canceled after violent antifa radicals threatened to destroy and attack
trump’s campaign finance filings reveal millions in payments…to his own businesses
watch: sarah huckabee-sanders mocks media for ignoring public testimony proving fake russian dossier was part of “witch hunt or hoax”
white house takes its war on the press to a terrifying new level
wow! legal hispanic american immigrant unloads on racist hillary supporters: “liberals are desperate because they know they’re gonna lose” [video]
senator wants answers on missing tsa badges after tsa tries to block investigation
shocking: sharia law implemented in first american city with muslim majority city council
arkansas mayor to use the 4th of july to force his religion down everyone’s throats
race obsessed mtv host mocks trump supporters: “how you gonna #boycotthamilton when you can’t afford tickets in the first place?” [video]
bigoted cops shove lesbian out of women’s bathroom because she looks like a man
inmate dead from alleged mistreatment in jail run by infamous pro-trump sheriff
a study on how often donald trump lies–complete with proof
watch: trump defends russia, so john mccain hammers him with bad news
a bunch of dumb white racists will picket nfl offices because beyonce gave them butthurt
first supreme court 4-4 tie screws republicans hard
danny glover is ‘appalled’ that trump is time magazine’s person of the year
boiler room ep #87
watch: fox news host calls president obama weak for not declaring war on isis
liberal trevor noah didn’t count on conservative tomi lahren destroying him on his own show…but that’s exactly what she did! [video]
police investigating possible attempt to murder bernie sanders
former mexican prez sends “middle finger” to trump days before “apology”: “don’t play around with us…we can jump walls…we can swim rivers…and we can defend ourselves”
trump takes credit for republican ‘win’ in georgia, and gets brutally humiliated with math
plane forced to turn around, police remove naacp president from flight over argument with passenger
breaking: trump campaign in a panic as donors demand refunds
will general “mad dog” mattis be part of trump’s team? praise for “superb officer” from all corners [video]
heidi cruz: ted’s failed campaign is just like the fight to end slavery
roy moore wants to be alabama’s senator, but he can’t stop being a giant racist
watch: joy reid owns trump in less than 30 seconds for claiming to be more popular than obama
unhinged radical leftists try to storm trump’s utah rally attacking police and secret service with rocks [video]
sunday screening: the deep state: hiding in plain sight (2014)
watch this democrat call for trump’s impeachment with no credible reason why [video]
request to halt construction of dapl declined
board-certified psychiatrist brutally diagnoses donald trump
no terror charges for michigan muslim man who plotted to shoot up large church in detroit, had ties to isis, dreamed of beheading someone…claimed he “loved to hear people scream and beg”
twitter ‘off-boards’ (bans) rt and sputnik ads ahead of capitol hill testimony
liberal media ignores melania’s visit to home for abused girls…proving they really don’t care much about actual women’s issues after all
federal judge tells anti-vaxxers to go f*ck themselves, upholds strict california vaccination law
college students asked to sign a petition canceling christmas…did they agree? [video]
this is the first sign republicans are already crumbling on the supreme court
breaking: us appeals court deals obama’s executive amnesty huge blow
bernie sanders and elizabeth warren drop bombshell on wall street execs
this is great! anti-hillary street art pops up everywhere in brooklynhillary clinton’s supporters were calling certain words used to describe her as sexist. words like entitled, ambitious, and secretive… the area around hillary’s campaign headquarters was plastered with this:
‘charlottesville 3.0’: nazis descend upon college town for another torch-lit rally (tweets/images)
awesome pro-gun ad removed from airport after complaints from rainbows and unicorn liberals
team clinton member bill gates pushed for unlimited guest worker permits last week…this week slashes 18,000 jobs
republicans demand chelsea clinton be questioned over benghazi, hillary ‘scandals’
#blacklivesmatter terrorists disrupt chicago diners in lame attempt to gain sympathy
legendary director shocks liberal elites with comments on trump tax overhaul
politico just threw major shade at trump over merkel’s meeting with obama ahead of nato summit
this senator has the perfect response to trump’s remarks about former beauty queen’s weight
wow: intercepted communications implicate three top trump advisors in plot with russia
barack obama goes there…compares president trump to hitler in front of chicago audience
tx valedictorian with full ride scholarship to yale university reveals she is illegal alien in graduation speech…trashes trump [video]
jimmy john’s thinks $1 sandwiches are going to make us forgive their horrible right-wing ceo
breaking: jfk files reveal another democrat president was member of the kkk
(video) unbelievable! black judge berates victims of home invasion and you won’t believe why
south korea uses hilarious technique to taunt north korea after soldier escapes kim jong un’s hell [video]
colbert perfectly explains the horror of a world where you can’t block trump
hillary is free to run for president while decorated marine hero forced out for sending an urgent email warning to fellow marines from personal server
watch: george clooney is a complete idiot
fl toddler shoots himself in the face after ‘responsible gun owner’ leaves weapon in truck
good grief! hillary tells another whopper just hours before iowa caucus [video]
donald trump tweets out direct threat to bernie sanders and his supporters
brilliant: [video] sheriff clarke explains how #blackliesmatter is bastard child of #handsupdontshoot lie
comey drops bombshell on sessions: i don’t want to be alone with trump
trump blasted nordstrom for dropping ivanka’s brand. the company’s response is perfect
hasta la vista arnold! guy whose affair with housekeeper produced son, destroyed 25 yr. marriage says trump has too much “baggage”…. quits celebrity apprentice
breaking: peter w. smith, gop operative who sought hillary clinton’s missing emails found dead in hotel room
outrage over bare chested gays comparing gay marriage victory to marines iwo jima flag raising
target women’s bathroom is bombed amid transphobic right-wing protests
trump ratchets up islamophobic lie, gleefully says muslims were murdered with ‘pig’s blood’ bullets
president trump fires acting attorney general, sally yates
18 republican senators (traitors) joined every democrat to pass a one o’ clock am vote giving obama a blank check
judicial watch investigator: here’s why we’re becoming a ‘failed state’ [video]
boom! wikileaks shows hillary speech to bankers:”i would like to see more successful business people run for office…you can be maybe rented but never bought”
what’s hillary hiding? hillary’s campaign dodges questions about goldman sachs speeches [video]
a young father explains socialism to his 10 year old son…a must read for every american
live feed-live chat: president trump addresses a joint session of congress – 9:10 pm et [video]
twitter beautifully fact checks trump in real time after he calls russia scandal ‘fake news’
arizona rancher protesting in oregon is targeted by cps, loses custody of foster children
democratic senator voted to confirm career racist sessions and what happened next is perfect (screenshots/tweets)
nancy pelosi backs bombshell legislation that could kick trump out of office
obama: ‘there’s little difference between communism and capitalism’ [video]
the sh*t show continues: michelle obama slips in a pro-choice promo in heavily catholic spain
some of the white house leaks may be coming from the most unexpected place
al franken hilariously roasts ted cruz during variety show appearance
has bill clinton lost it? watch him yank balloon from little girl at dnc celebration…and more super senior moments [video]
not grassroots: #ferguson protestors paid over $5k to attack police, instigate violence and disrupt
doj blocked investigation after fbi agents discovered 650,000 emails: “pissed off”
jewish elders warn their grandchildren: vote for hillary, ‘we’ve seen this before’
u.s. debt decreased by $68 billion in first month of trump presidency…guess who doubled u.s. debt during 8 years in office?
scientists scramble to copy climate data before trump can make it all disappear
hillary supporter mark cuban makes most ignorant statement about trump since election when he claimed stock market would tank [video]
hillary’s secret weapon: evan mcmullin is cia-goldman sachs candidate, backed by mitt romney’s wall street machine
active shooter drill suddenly ‘goes live’ at joint base andrews in maryland
lawyer for fbi informant knows of russian bribery and info ‘that involves the clintons’ [video]
watch nancy pelosi say she’s “heartbroken over death” of rep. steve scalise, who’s still alive in hospital [video]
conservatives can’t believe canadian pm would understand science, accuse him of faking it
the democrat who wrote a paper about how women fantasize about being gang raped draws larger crowds than gop presidential candidates
mexico says they won’t build a wall…watch trump destroy them with this brilliant answer [video]
don’t believe the polls: massive silent majority avoid violence, vandalism, threats from left…will vote for trump [video]
republicans in this state just sent a huge ‘f**k you!’ to workers and democracy with one terrible move
republican lindsey graham loses it, blames trump for gop’s ‘death spiral’
kellyanne conway: ‘presidents aren’t judged by crowd sizes, but by their accomplishments’
cnn’s jim acosta schooled on the meaning of the statue of liberty by trump senior advisor [video]
watch: gop rep. steve king just dropped a bombshell admission about trump’s wiretapping claims
glossed over: key questions emerge after death of supreme court justice antonin scalia
great answer! sean spicer asked to name cnn reporter who ‘did good work’ during his time in the trump administration
breaking: wisconsin recount ends…trump picks up votes!
watch: detroit artist takes knee and raises fist while singing national anthem at lions game…young boys standing next to him appear to be confused
here’s what hillary’s “fair growth” economic plan means for americans [video]
“trumpocalypse”: hacked email exposes democrat party plan to spend whopping $800,000 on disruptions (riots) at republican convention
(video) krauthammer: former cia deputy director gives telling statements that will be used against hillary
democrat takes trump to the woodshed in fiery speech defending nfl
hilarious! look who liberal middlebury professor is blaming after she was sent to hospital by angry mob of leftist students
trump will hate this mexican magazine for unmasking him on their cover
hilarious trump christmas video: “it’s the most wonderful time in 8 years” [video]
the nra just mocked kim kardashian after she was robbed at gunpoint, and it’s horrifying
watters’ world: “do you have obamacare?”…”how does it work?” [video]
trump ally curt schilling blasts ‘horrifying’ recovery efforts in puerto rico
obama shows how he’s going to destroy trump this fall and it’s hilarious
again? baltimore cops shoot 13-year-old boy with bb gun (photos/videos)
republicans to give massive tax cuts to the wealthy while taking healthcare from millions
vladimir putin just defended trump in the worst way possible
ted cruz gets owned by fox news host for telling lies about obamacare
hispanic man living in “hood” has brutal message for “lefty”: my dead friends were not shot by “white right wing extremists” [video]
does the $100 million given to clintons by gulf sheikhs disqualify hillary for candidacy?
trump’s lawyer’s response was riddled with errors; he even misspelled ‘president’
hillary clinton supporters now calling for a recount of votes in battleground states
hysterical! delusional hillary claims “epidemic” of “fake news” was her downfall [video]
copycat muslim terrorist arrested with assault weapons, knives drives into busy shopping area at high speed [video]
whoa! breaking news: cnn producer caught on undercover tape admitting trump-russia coverage is bullsh*t…”president is right to say you are ‘witch hunting’ me”
exposed population control campaign: influential billionaire secretly donates $21 million per year to planned parenthood
dingbat maxine waters tells islamic society republicans trying to prevent sharia law from being enforced in america is “contrary to american values…threatens national security” [video]
good lord! government workers are way out of bounds in pay and benefits
watch: joy behar crushes newt gingrich on ‘the view’ for disrespectful attack on megyn kelly
trump says obama’s presidency is ‘worst thing to ever happen to israel’
teens post video on what they would do to black people as president
robert reich drops major dose of cold truth about trump ‘hiring’ ivanka and her husband
dan rather blasts gop for protecting trump, gives them a tongue lashing they’ll never forget
lol! shakedown artist jesse jackson tells crowd: “president trump would not qualify to get into jesus’ kingdom” [video]
breaking bombshell: weiner is cooperating…fbi didn’t need warrant…not good news for crooked hillary [video]
pat robertson says if we’d only worship trump, las vegas never would’ve happened
this 2016 hannity tweet is now like a knife in the back for trump
gabby giffords flays trump for inciting ‘bloodshed’ with second amendment comments
watch kellyanne conway’s mic drop: “i think the biggest fake news was that donald trump couldn’t win.”
[video] flashback…martin luther king jr. on riots: “we can’t win a violent revolution”
#crookedhillary uses twitter to accuse trump of being a “racist”…forgets to mention $20k+ in donations from kkk in 2016 [video]
remembering fdr’s famous pearl harbor speech: how “a date that will live in infamy” almost wasn’t [audio]
this one very important thing the media missed that tells you how the candidates feel about america
afghanistan: forgotten, but not gone
ronald reagan: remembering our heroes [video]
trump fans launch brutal attack on teenage girl at wisconsin rally
state department officials out! connected to benghazi scandal and clinton e-mail scandal [video]
african-american museum grand opening irony: watch police violate rights of protester exposing hillary’s racist remarks
democrat alan dershowitz calls out court’s ruling on travel order: if obama had issued same ban, it would’ve been upheld [video]
trump taps anti-iran deal congressman to head cia…the left goes ballistic!
breaking: condi rice meets with mike pence in trump’s d.c. transition office
congressman sounds alert to cyber snooping law snuck into budget bill
tortured snowflake ivanka trump just blocked a congressman on twitter
ouch! things take ugly turn for matt lauer when he tries to get george w. bush to blame trump for division: “when i was president, you mattered a lot more” [video]
sunday screening: national security alert: the pentagon attack (2009)
bernie gives us hope, promises to protect minorities under trump administration
wow! why george w. bush never left dc until after christmas day
must watch: this trump video may prove he’s finally lost his mind
lt gen john kelly’s incredible speech just days after his own son was killed in action: “brave men on watch all over the world tonight—for you”
kellyanne conway cannot name one performer lined up for trump’s inauguration
‘not wittingly’ james clapper reveals anti-trump-bitterness: “our institutions are under assault” [video]
israeli pm rejects obama’s $40 billion aid offer, demands more while america’s children go hungry
boiler room ep #131 – gender fluid scouts, hollyweirdness & eminem the establishment rapper
breaking: female law student busts hillary’s “oh sh*t” it guy who was seeking help to scrub hillary’s name from emails…wikileaks applauds!
china openly mocks trump by turning him into a rooster, and it’s hilarious
cia inspector: “hillary endangered lives” former judge: hillary is a “prime candidate for prosecution”
bill clinton caught groping flight attendant on plane until he realized camera was recording him [video]
miley cyrus scores huge points with this brutal attack on donald trump
illegal immigrants caught squatting in deployed soldiers home: feces, urine stains and garbage everywhere
breaking bombshell: hillary, obama, holder, comey, mueller and 2 key officials leading trump-russia collusion investigation are all linked to huge secret russian nuclear deal
watch: president trump hilariously exposes hypocrisy of democrats, media allies on comey firing in one perfect video
white house sinks to new low: spokesperson makes fun of trump’s ‘outrageous appearance’ and hair
nancy pelosi blasts republicans for hypocritically ‘denouncing’ trump
france’s interior minister makes insane statement after anti-terror marksman guns down man shouting “allahu akbar” kills two young females with butcher knife
not shocking: cop’s attorneys claim baltimore prosecutors hid freddie gray’s history of intentionally hurting himself for insurance money
trump told fbi to kill stories about his connections to putin, they said no
syrian muslim man whose family perished on trip so he could get free dental care has new spokesperson role
black and brown people accounted for 86.5 percent of ny misdemeanor arrests
treason accusations rain down on trump as he cheers on russia against american media
trump mic drop moment from 60 minutes interview: “i’m very good at this, it’s called construction”
whoa! breaking news: cnn producer caught on undercover tape admitting trump-russia coverage is bullsh*t…”president is right to say you are ‘witch hunting’ me”
awesome message to never-trumpers: “kiss and make up!”…”the people have chosen!”
‘family values’ republicans introduce a bill that would make sex with lobbyists a ‘gift’
just in: disgraced democrat harry reid funneled massive taxpayer funds to donor for ufo research through secret defense department program
watch: parents jam meeting room to denounce false teachings, indoctrination of islam in tn public schools
trump rally in austin tx – protesters largely outnumbered by trump supporters
trump announces transgender ban for us military, caitlyn jenner slighted
watch: trump supporter destroys “ghetto” mcdonald’s worker who refused to serve cop in virginia
democrat mocks americans for believing ‘climate change’ is part of obamatrade: two weeks later…obama announces ‘climate change’ is part of obamatrade
pc tyranny: university of oregon rules that professors have no free speech
a must watch video! brilliant take on how hillary clinton’s lawlessness gets ignored
us admits not targeting al nusra, then blames moscow for separating ‘moderates’ from terrorists
amazon sells out of john lewis’ biographies after trump attack
wow! remember when media said trump mocked disabled reporter? here’s proof they lied! [video]
the supreme court just put a huge stake through the heart of the first amendment
state workers busted for blatant ebt fraud worth $1,000,000
confused looking trump totally humiliates himself when he gets lost on stage in poland
malia obama to attend university with 5.9% acceptance rate…black privilege? [video]
house intel chair on trump-russia fake story: “no evidence of anything” [video]
pastor shot and killed in the middle of church service in ohio
scaramucci’s new yorker interview is more than just gross, it may be a felony
nuclear showdown? navy seal team that killed osama bin laden to take part in military drills against n. korea
donald trump whines that mitt romney was ‘ungrateful’ for trump helping him lose the election
gop evidence: comey fbi busted giving clinton ‘special status’…those responsible still at fbi! [video]
wow! popular imam warned nyc mayor deblasio of terror threats: “de blasio spent all his energy and resources in trying to bring down president trump and not islamic extremists”
head games: technology with the potential to shape reality
trump has total unhinged scatter-brained mental meltdown for the entire world to see
clear discrimination: snap still gives preference to illegals over american citizens
hillary clinton blasts steve king’s blatant racism: ‘this is literally white supremacy’
watch: only 6 people show up to see hillary at tx airport…and she ignored all 6 of them
the unbelievable reason trump pardoned arpaio as hurricane harvey was bearing down
the u.s. has no legal standing in its involvement in the war on yemen
watch: deranged trump fan interrupts church service to accuse hillary of running a child sex ring
dnc chair tom perez doubles down: no regrets for nasty language in speech [video]
watch: kellyanne conway bashes americans who oppose trumpcare: they are jeering from the ‘cheap seats’
it begins: man dressed as woman arrested in women’s bathroom…you won’t believe what he was doing!
thanks obama! half of students in top 700 school districts are from immigrant households…30% are illegal aliens
starbucks customer in chicago goes on insane racist rant; you’ve never heard anything like this
dan rather delivers the hard truth about trump and the media
former democrat warns young americans: “rioters are being manipulated by big government forces who need them to regain political power” [video]
watch: stephen colbert takes republicans to the woodshed for voting against gun control bills
tyranny of 9/11: the building blocks of the american police state from a-z
chaos in washington as trump avoids real work and his transition team eats itself alive
someone just bought alternativefacts.com and it’s f**king brilliant
“hill”-arious video: hillary takes break from seizures, coughing fits, 3 naps a day to slam trump and “alt-right”
a must watch! mark steyn calls out political violence on the left: “they’ve got to own this!” [video]
‘half my family’ is here illegally!…state senator wants entire state to be sanctuary state [video]
super saturday shocker: cruz crushing trump in ks, projected to win maine
breaking exclusive: black republican fired from radio station after spending time with trump in detroit
watch: gay man and former liberal makes riveting youtube video urging americans to vote for trump: “muslim countries execute gays…that’s not radical…that’s common law”
police dept cancels “high-five” a cop at elementary school over concerns of offending “undocumented children…kids of color”
a federal judge just told trump to take his muslim ban and shove it
awesome pro-gun ad removed from airport after complaints from rainbows and unicorn liberals
new isis video on brussels features these trump comments
missouri state rep. has dumbest idea ever for ‘helping’ unarmed people in state capitol
racists call for deaths of black people after fox reporter makes hit piece on blm
outrageous! nancy pelosi claims obamacare honors “vision of our founders” [video]
cnn segment turns into a shouting match as ‘apprentice’ alums spar over trump
leftist antifa attacks boston police…shows their true colors in violent display against free speech [video]
no, barney frank did not call bernie supporters ‘low information’ voters
not getting what you want for christmas? don’t worry, this hillary tree topper has an excuse for it!
here’s how lying trump supporters turned a random protester into ‘isis’
just in: trump ends free money train after pakistan refuses to stop housing terrorists…cuts stunning about of military aid
come along on cory booker and pals’ field trip to find the super secret gop health bill
boom! navy seal vet destroys whiny organizer of ‘veterans against trump’ [video]
“conservative gay guy” blasts pence’s aspen neighbors for hanging “make america gay again banner” in front of house
rude! kamala harris repeatedly cuts off homeland security secretary john kelly over sanctuary city policy [video]
glenn beck’s bizarre farewell to 40 employees from fake oval office [video]
the white house just mocked trump’s ‘drug test’ request; says he’s the one on drugs
it begins….obama appointed judge rules trump university records must be released
trump: i couldn’t have divided america because ‘i’m not president yet’
breaking: paul ryan nervously giggles during budget speech that doesn’t fund a border wall [video]
dramatic increase in violence against blm employees thanks to bundy terrorists
raw video: hillary and bill clinton dancin’ and gettin’ down at a hamptons party
https://100percentfedup.com/video-hillary-asked-about-trump-i-just-want-to-eat-some-pie/
revenge attack on muslims: van plows into crowd…many injured leaving mosque…suspect tackled and arrested [video]
trump threw mar-a-lago fundraiser for woman at the center of bribery scandal
us coalition airstrike on syrian army in al-tanf is another calculated war crime, aims to destroy arab unity
obamacare website of obama’s home state shut down but not for lack of funding
andrew breitbart: “i don’t care who our candidate is…i will march behind whoever our candidate is, because if we don’t…we lose!”[video]
pro-abortion activist speaks to students at catholic school, tells them it’s okay to send naked photos
breaking: another undercover video released of cnn producer mocking cuomo and calling voters “stupid as sh*t” [video]
uh oh! bill clinton unloads on obama! [video]
classless, black panther diva, beyonce shows up at white house for easter egg hunt in playboy bunny style dress
trump made comedy central sorry they ever wanted to roast him in 2011
donald trump posts a picture of himself with ronald reagan and all hell breaks loose
republican senator considers obstruction of justice investigation against trump
washington post attempts to smear ron paul institute and others, as ‘tools for russian propaganda’
as ‘me too’ posts flood social media, video surfaces of trump bragging about hiring a ‘hot’ teenager
boiler room – ep #59 – the loss and curse of patriotism
obama warns cops to recognize black lives matter: “if police organizations acknowledge that there’s a problem…that is what is going to ultimately make the job of being a cop a lot safer” [video]
revealed: loretta lynch given talking points for secret clinton ‘tarmac meeting’
the obama legacy: worst economic growth of all 13 post-wwii presidents [video]
how obama’s scotus pick nailed the worst domestic terrorist in u.s. history
when the view’s whoopi goldberg told hillary why she lost to trump…even hillary was surprised [video]
michael moore tears into michigan gopers for ‘killing’ flint residents with polluted water
breaking: obama commutes 67 prisoners serving life sentences…214 federal prisoners in total
tina fey blasts only white women for voting for trump: “you can’t look away”…this white woman has a question for tina fey!
mooch for president? surprising new poll shows how michelle stacks up against hillary in 2016 presidential bid
‘dealmaker’ trump lost votes when he visited congress to beg them to pass his healthcare bill
leftist actress alyssa milano gets blasted on twitter for calling president trump’s “national prayer day” for tx hurricane victims: “national a**hole day”
plot thickens: d.c. police chief who oversaw seth rich murder socialized with top democrats, debbie wasserman-schultz
trump might have just put himself in prison with major mistake during twitter tantrum
h.r. mcmaster repeatedly refuses to say if he can work with steve bannon…a deep state set up? [video]
nancy pelosi thanks dreamers for coming to u.s. illegally: ‘they’re so lovely’ [video]
sins of socialism…doctors pumping air into infants lungs by hand…no antibiotics…children die in filthy venezuelan hospitals
hillary clinton: neocon war-hawk in waiting
gop official was just ‘emotional’ when he said clinton ‘should be hanging from a tree’
irs chief: okay for illegal aliens to use stolen social security numbers [video]
patrick and hesher: ‘dni, cia have lost the plot, and rt is beating cnn’
illegals before american citizens: aclu sues 3 missouri colleges for refusing tuition benefits to illegal aliens
watch: elizabeth warren sets the internet on fire by dancing through the streets at boston pride
the view dingbats descend on faux conservative host after she calls comey a “coward” [video]
[video] why the race war is not really about race it’s “anarchy in action”
crazed protesters pull down confederate statue in durham…what’s next, the guillotines? [video]
results are in: new post-debate poll shows major swing in very key demographic
mother of son killed in afghanistan to anti-american 49er’s qb colin kaepernick: “my heart is exploding, my lungs are without air, my blood is boiling, my body is shaking, and tears are running down my face” [video]
german official warns of civil war between muslims and non-muslims: “somewhere at the edge of anarchy and sliding towards civil war”
rubio doubles down on putting illegal aliens before americans
the truth about apple vs the us government…and why americans should care who wins
mccain responds with zero f*cks to give over trump’s threat
cloaked in conspiracy: overview of jfk files reopens door to coup d’état claims & cold war era false flag terror
clinton abruptly cancels plans to go to charlotte on sunday…gives lame excuse
wow! democrat dennis kucunich warns: deep state is trying to take down the president – it needs to stop
watch: transexual michelle obama look-alike kicked out of girls bathroom by security guard…presses charges
forbes list of “the world’s most powerful people of 2016” is out…and obama’s ranking is embarrassing
obama threatens to surface from leftist bunker to speak out against trump’s plan to end daca
gop governor blocks minimum wage increase, gives staff +$70k raise
lawsuit seeks obama info in corruption case: “the chicago way shouldn’t trump the american people’s right to know.”
watch: “hanoi jane” fonda had chance to expose sexual predator harvey weinstein one year ago…the reason didn’t is laughable
hillary finally makes statement on sexual predator and mega-democrat donor harvey weinstein…gets destroyed by bill clinton rape accuser
buckle up: 2008 was just a “warm-up”…facts show the real financial crisis is coming
christian ‘prophet’ literally loses his @ss when he takes on wild lions for jesus
hilarious! president trump begs hillary to run in 2020 at press conference…”please run again!” [video]
how progressive! women’s march organizer has ties to terror group hamas…advocates for sharia law
breaking: why did massachusetts officials wait so long to release this video showing thug shooting police officer in face? [video]
boom! this is how president reagan handled protesters: “negotiate? what is there to negotiate?” [video]
planned parenthood slams republicans for pretending to be shocked by trump’s abortion stance
media attacks trump…ignores obama’s miserable war legacy: soldiers deaths quadrupled compared to gw bush years…made soldiers wait to be shot at by jihadists before attacking [video]
house republican busted for illegally using campaign funds for personal expenses
mooch says black kids aren’t as welcome in museums as white kids
these hilarious donald trump impressions prove that other candidates hate him just as much as we do
buzzfeed’s editor-in-chief attempts lame explanation of why he published fake news on trump: “this was absolutely the right thing to do” [video]
republicans panic over trump, write letter to rnc in fear of ‘extinction event’
pittsburgh mayor slaps trump down for using pittsburgh as a reason to destroy the planet
bombshell: new evidence shows hillary ignored pentagon’s urgent offer to help benghazi consulate [video]
beware of hillary clinton’s “smart power” foreign policy…it’s not smart! [video]
sixty-three percent of americans are represented by a climate change denier in congress
john mccain says there’s a much bigger threat to us than isis, and trump will hate it
grey’s anatomy star makes hilarious observation of trump’s life choices, and it’s perfect
trump begins dismantling of obamacare with today’s executive order…nancy pelosi’s response is hilarious!
russian hackers? no, we found what lost the election for hillary [video]
obama’s radical dhs chief vows to “protect” muslims from americans during speech at dc mosque
huge hypocrite elizabeth warren exposed as “capitalist pig”
this picture of harriet tubman should be used on the $20 bill…if for no other reason than to drive anti-gun left crazy
melania and ivanka shine: steal the show at g20 summit…lefty media questions ivanka’s role as surrogate
whoa! vp biden’s one night visit to mexico costs taxpayers $538,528.65!
trump threatens comey via twitter in his most autocratic move yet
broke city of chicago spends taxpayer money sticking it to trump with huge ‘f you’ installed right outside his luxury hotel
ben affleck busted! after making statement of shock over harvey weinstein charges…rape accuser calls him out…“you lie!”…claims affleck knew
internet collectively cringes after photographer snaps pic of trump’s nutsack
the fbi just announced the results of their investigation into hillary clinton
watch: rick santorum torches trump for not taking responsibility for electoral bloodbath
third degree “bern!” why denmark is telling marxist, bernie sanders to stop lying to voters
lol! black conservative destroys “current day slave” elijah cummings’ dnc speech…”boss lady gonna be proud of you!”
tell-all book exposes what a nightmare hillary clinton was to white house staff…”jekyll and hyde”
tone deaf trump: congrats rep. scalise on losing weight after you almost died
treason! how obama’s shadow government is commanding an army of anti-trump agitators to sabotage president trump #war [video]
ky gop state rep. commits suicide over allegations he molested a teen girl
‘avengers’ director launches epic celebrity-filled superhero effort to defeat trump
national archives missing massive data from clinton white house records
breaking: blm rioters have surrounded st. louis mayor’s home…they’re breaking out her windows [video]
boom! trump allows pro-illegal alien heckler to ask question, then destroys her with this response [video]
president trump makes room erupt in laughter with hilarious story at state banquet in japan [video]
sheriff won’t enforce gun control law he calls ‘borderline treasonous’
antonin scalia’s own past ruling will hand obama huge victory on transgender rights
nbc host slams rubio’s ignorance on scotus: ‘do presidential terms end after 3 years?’
heated! maria bartiromo goes at it with john podesta on russia probe “get your facts straight!” [video]
republicans are already planning for their health care bill to fail, here’s proof
trump says “yes” to federal funding for planned parenthood…under one condition…and you’re gonna love it!
noam chomsky begs americans to elect clinton and save the planet from trump
msnbc host compares getting close to trump to ‘hugging a suicide bomber’ [video]
uh oh! obama returns from vacation ‘fired up’ for his last year in office
unite the right organizer ambushed by crowd…rushed to safety by police at press conference [video]
insane: secret deal obama made with “death to america’s” iran includes iran monitoring their own nuclear sites
donald trump is destroying the country’s reputation and here’s proof
cloaked order: who’s really behind ‘new authority’ for cia drone strikes?
kellyanne conway snaps at teen girl who asked her how she can work with groper trump
pelosi just flunked constitutional law: ‘you can’t cry wolf in a crowded theater’ [video]
george w. bush breaks silence: no more “mr. nice guy”…hammers obama
armed black panthers march in milwaukee: “free us or you die, cracker!” [video]
report: trump talking to fox news birther for administration job
every american should be concerned about what flew over the super bowl stadium last night
must watch video: bush eerily warns us about isis
breaking undercover video: democrat operative…”we’re starting anarchy here”…hillary knows what’s going on… mentally ill people paid to start violence…admits dems planned riots at chicago trump rally [video]
democrats push for ban and restrictions on online ammo sales
roseanne barr paid high price for crossing hillary: my show was cancelled by “rapist bill clinton” for interviewing paula jones [video]
catholic partial birth-abortion supporting democrat steals pope’s water to drink and splash on grandkids [video]…you won’t believe what he’s doing next
what trump just said about his tax returns will make his supporters furious
ted cruz blasts trump for alleged mob ties
prominent attorney and law professor points out that trump can be impeached for false accusation against obama
msnbc host speechless after trump spox makes insane 2nd amendment defense
‘gentle giant’ michael brown memorial unveiled…video captures arrest made at memorial spot on same day
cruz dedicates empty seat at state of the union to ‘50 million unborn children’ instead of gun violence victims
must watch video: hillary supporters actually don’t support hillary
ted nugent breaks civility pledge with unhinged obama rant for no apparent reason
germany’s anti-trump, open borders angela merkel sees re-election poll numbers drop…orders 100,000 migrants to be deported…by force if necessary
inaugural cake baker brilliantly schools anti-gay bakers in how protest is done
black lives matter terrorists may be shut down: mall of america files restraining order
don jr. tries to mock al franken’s resignation, backfires immediately
college punishes success by not allowing yacht club at prestigious school [video]
trump-supporting republican candidate wishes rape upon female reporter
progressives outraged over beyonce “so white” wax figure at madame tussauds
boiler room ep #129 – mandalay ‘massacre:’ initial boil down with hesh, spore, jay, funk and pharaoh
young woman pleads with president trump to keep talking about muslim invaders [video]
state department officials out! connected to benghazi scandal and clinton e-mail scandal [video]
kellyanne conway’s meltdown over russia is so stupid you have to see it to believe it
yikes! the claws come out on the view, as hosts attack jill stein [video]
revealed: list of people president elect trump is considering for top white house postions
obama to britain on his legacy: i saved the world economy, made deal with iran, stopped ebola
fidel castro: patrick henningsen discusses his legacy and cuba’s future path
israel’s head rabbi: non-jews can only live in israel if they’re our servants
man claims he gave trump a golden shower and he has evidence to back it up
obama’s secret gift to the american people could save our democracy
where’s the media? fox news reported in february about 3 pakistani muslim brothers who were caught accessing unauthorized top-secret government intel…now we find out they sold classified secrets to foreign agents [video]
the ultimate community organizer: is your neighborhood too white? is it too rich? obama plans to ‘fix’ them using government to force diversity
first female muslim legislator votes to make life insurance companies do the unthinkable for dead terrorists [video]
don’t believe the polls! corruption exposed in phony nbc poll showing hillary beating trump by 11
‘daily show’ destroys transphobic republicans for their ridiculous bathroom bills
santilli freed under plea pact as vegas shooting casts shadow on bundy trial
ted cruz arrives in the bronx only to put down new yorkers, tosses protester who speaks up
wow! undercover video proves trump was right about voter fraud in new hampshire [watch]
trump says blacks are in worse shape than during slavery
boom! clock boy’s dad loses defamation case in district court: “the lawsuit filed by clock boy’s father is yet another example of islamist law fare” [video]
sunday screening: counter intelligence – ‘the strategy of tension’
jane sanders smacks down trump’s idiotic suggestion that bernie betray the democratic party
stupid trump fans think he won the popular vote, but he lost by a huge margin
breaking bombshell: hillary, obama, holder, comey, mueller and 2 key officials leading trump-russia collusion investigation are all linked to huge secret russian nuclear deal
elizabeth warren slapped the hell out of trump while he was busy losing to clinton
watch chris hayes destroy scott walker’s biggest lie, in 16 brutal seconds
watch out for slick anti-gun movie called “miss sloane”…a gun grabber’s dream [video]
breaking: wdbj killer was angry black democrat…reprimanded for wearing obama sticker at work
gary johnson has another insanely incoherent meltdown during interview
countdown ticker: obama leaves office in…5,4,3,2,1…
congress warned threat of nuclear emp attack has never been higher: “n. korean emp attack would kill ‘90% of all americans’
watch: obama goes beast mode on cnn anchor for pushing gun grab conspiracy
trumpcare is officially dead, senator collins confirms she’s voting no
citizen journalist enters wh press room yells questions to press…liberals have a hissy fit! [video]
did beyonce and jay z’s “vacation” to communist cuba set stage for obama to pardon fugitive, black panther cop killer?
(video) rioters take selfies with torched police car
rnc staffer assigned to finding positive stories about trump says take this job and shove it
whoa! chicago tribune: “if nation was more important to democrats than power”…they would “ask her to step down now”
all ammosexual hell breaks loose on twitter because one woman dared to make this statement
this immigrant west point graduate proves america is already great
trump vs clinton 2016: mickey mouse vs cruella de vil
only days after announcing shameless money grab…clock boy explains why he wants to come back to texas
the president is doing something amazing for working class americans who lose their jobs
breaking news: second muslim doctor and wife arrested in mi for genital mutilation on 6-8 yr old girls
vietnam vet, military “lifer” destroys crybaby democrats in scathing letter: “i sometimes wonder if i’ll get to heaven, but if i go to hell, i’m sure i’ll still be a few hundred floors above that bastard…”
‘clown show’: former cia official takes shots at trump’s team in hilarious clip
fbi data shows black-on-black murders off the charts during obama presidency…so why is obama chasing cops from black neighborhoods?
if you’re easily offended, don’t watch this american pastor’s rant: “has america gone stupid?”
just in: obama appointed judge presiding over michael flynn’s case suddenly recuses himself…clinton appointed judge will sentence flynn
obama guilts congressional black caucus members to vote for hillary
nancy pelosi, democrats and antifa force conservative prayer group to cancel event because “a lot of innocent people were going to get hurt”
boiler room ep #80 – heads they win, tails you lose
boycott backfires! ivanka trump clothing line reports record sales
actress accuses weinstein buddy, actor george clooney of helping to “blacklist” her after she reported sexual harassment
top 5 ways trump can cut waste asap!
mike pence somehow makes trump’s khan family disaster even worse
jeff sessions: oh, you mean that russian contact. i remember now!
coal worker confronts hillary clinton on putting coal “out of business” [video]
like mother, like daughter: chelsea clinton spreads lie claiming outrageous michigan anti-gay law passed
huckabee nails it: says obama’s radical list of invited guests to meet pope proves his fake christianity
‘one for the ages’ full video and transcript of trump’s incredible un speech [video]
watch: team hillary humiliates trump and the republican party on cnn
sandra bland’s mother not only stands with hillary clinton, but wrote this inspiring poem
busted! craigslist ad exposes rent-a-mob for phoenix anti-trump thugs
these ladies just created the most adorable song ever for hillary
what? our cia director just admitted to an “indiscretion” that’s mind boggling…how did this guy become cia director?
house freedom caucus pressured by very familiar names to back ryan for speaker
yahoo caves in to nsa, fbi – and secretly monitors customer email accounts for us gov’t
‘zero knowledge’ systems not hostile to data privacy, says snowden
government santa candidate gets another huge endorsement… just in time for christmas
dead broke hillary buys million dollar “mother/daughter” home for chelsea…after busted giving only 5.7% of clinton foundation money to charity
unreal! irs used ‘hundreds of lawyers’ to hide information from congress
just in: pro-isis terrorist who intended to blow up nyc bus terminal during rush hour came to u.s. through chain migration program democrats are fighting for
kathy griffin gets very bad news from cnn after ‘trump beheading’ photo
watergate reporter says trump is a ‘dangerous enemy of the people’ worse than nixon
kellyanne conway destroys cbs anchor in discussion on russian hacking [video]
holy moly! rebel media uncovers illegal usa-canada “fake refugee” trafficking ring…wait until you see who’s vetting them! [video]
trump considers ‘terminating nafta’ with executive order
team romney joins gop establishment fight against trump
la times columnist slammed for mocking sarah sanders in ‘sexist’ article…what about the cartoon?
donald trump reveals the first thing he’d do if america puts him in the white house
breaking news: obama’s ag loretta lynch ordered manafort’s phone tapped during meeting with russian lawyer
president obama makes ellen choke up discussing her role in lgbt equality
cancer patient mocked by leftist comedian as trump “nazi” gets the last laugh [video]
republican: porn is worse than cocaine, gov’t has to act on ‘public health crisis’
judge napolitano drops a bomb about obama’s surveillance [video]
two days ago, trump asked russia to hack clinton and today they did just that
breaking: michael flynn resigns as trump’s national security advisor
stunning development: obama gives $75 million us tax dollars to mexico to build border wall
trump ignores constitution, suggests insane punishment for burning american flag
trump wants media who reported on russian hacking punished like this
bill maher in hot water over sick sex joke about ivanka trump [video]
know-nothing trump reverses yet another position on foreign policy
house dems to white house counsel: trump’s gag orders break federal laws – lots of them
flashback: epic fail when cnn’s interview of syrian victim ends up bashing the wrong politician [video]
[video] dinesh d’souza warned us about what the world would look like if we gave obama another term in “2016: obama’s america”…was he correct?
the bundys are suing because they can’t have guns….in jail
nazi demonstration turns violent, multiple counter-protesters stabbed
‘most beautiful girl in the world’ is only ten – and already dealing with sexist attacks
jihad for dummies: how us army enlistee, mohammed abdullah hassan was caught attempting to bomb us army base
unreal! cnn panel laughs and mocks dr. ben carson over trump nomination [video]
#blacklivesmatterterrorists shut down kids visits with santa at mall…attempt to shut down major airport in mn
chelsea and hillary clinton bashed by staffers: “the apple doesn’t fall far.”
shocking ad shows how trump’s racist campaign is ruining children’s lives
rubio copied one of obama’s most famous speeches – and obama’s speechwriter just called him on it
liberal hack katie couric says fake news is “tearing [america] apart”…doesn’t mention $12 million dollar lawsuit against her for producing edited story to push gun control [video]
busted! uncovered 2009 video shows london’s muslim mayor calling moderate muslims “uncle toms”…2002 video shows him defending convicted terrorists
hannity blows up at ted cruz in heated interview: ‘you gotta stop!’ (audio/tweets)
hollywood “actress” lena dunham: i ‘haven’t had an abortion, but i wish i had’
bundy son and ranchers post videos on facebook: speak out against “lies on social media,” explain why they’re fighting tyrannical government
watch: elizabeth warren skewers donald trump for cheering for financial setbacks that benefit him
new poll shows clinton crushing trump in key swing states
hollywood libs raise big money for #crookedhillary…poor la flood victims ignored
african-american rep. plays racist calls received after calling for trump impeachment
hilarious! leonardo dicaprio is “outed” as climate change hypocrite, forced to do the unimaginable
reports show trump paid absolutely nothing in taxes for two years
tucker carlson confronts nasty activist: “i’m not saying what you did is illegal…it’s awful” [video]
colossal white house screw up leads to trump endorsing child labor in new ad
boiler room ep #69 – culture club
2016 olympic opening ceremony slips some politics into the show in rio
iraq redux: us-led sanctions against syria are hurting real people, helping real terrorists
hillary takes credit for the arab spring disaster…and she wants to be president?
trump just closed the office that coordinates russia sanctions
the army field manual proves that trump is too mentally unstable to be president
over half of the 23 nfl players still kneeling during the national anthem are from one team
trump loses track of his rant mid-meltdown just as questions over his mental health resurface
national security advisor calls out liberal press for fake news: “the story…is false” [video]
watch: ben carson’s excuse for violence of trump campaign stuns cnn hosts
dem congressman rats out own party: discloses who’s paying protesters at gop events [video]
awesome rant by african-american woman who’s fed up: “sanctuary cities are racist!”
obama defends kaepernick’s decision to disrespect american flag: “he’s generated more interest in something that needs to be talked about”
the final control: tpp, ttip, tisa global corporate takeover
5-year-old girl kills herself after ‘responsible gun owner’ dad leaves gun on a table
leftist hate on steroids: donald trump tombstone appears in nyc
after months of trashing our president, senator mccain explains how to fix rancor in dc : “stop listening to the bombastic loudmouths on the radio, television and the internet…to hell with them”
communist george soros says trump will win popular vote in landslide, but hillary wins presidency…huh? [video]
kellyanne conway: meryl streep incited ‘people’s worst instincts’ by calling out trump
boiler room #96 – the great lobster degeneracy & the art of debate
hot or not? are trump properties selling like hotcakes? [video]
this newspaper is filing a lawsuit against a republican lawmaker for calling them ‘fake news’
hillary’s “oh sh*t” moment: fbi reveals emails found on weiner’s laptop are not duplicates [video]
“you’re hired!” trump pulls unemployed vet from audience and hires her on the spot
trump’s latest retweet is actually the best possible metaphor for his presidency
google is the engine of censorship
boiler room #91 – the swear jar overfloweth
here’s why 2016 will be the year of the woman
their evil knows no bounds: taliban executes 5 “save the children workers” as isis kidnaps 120 schoolchildren to be trained as terrorists
trump wins over democrats and independents in akron, ohio…this is diversity! [video]
hilarious! everyone’s laughing when they see why “creepy joe” biden teamed up with lady gaga to make a psa video
libs on twitter go nuts over kellyanne conway’s shoes on couch in oval office…they probably forgot these obama pics…or what bill clinton did in the oval office
liberty report talks to vanessa beeley: ‘everything the us media says about aleppo is wrong’
trump has f*cked up so much lately his own advisers fear he is ‘trying to lose’
see why “politically incorrect” sign dairy queen owner posted on door has liberals going nuts [video]
[video] flashback…martin luther king jr. on riots: “we can’t win a violent revolution”
lou dobbs unloads on “inept” paul ryan for denying trump progress on promises: “working against the president and his agenda at every turn” [video]
pro-hillary new york daily news writer destroys hillary, tells her to, “shut the f**k up and go away”
trump’s carrier deal falls apart; hundreds of jobs ship off to mexico, 600 to be fired next month
must watch trump ad highlights hillary’s war on women: bill, monica and other perverts make guest appearances
just in: three liberal reporters bribed to push “trump dossier” propaganda
guess who predicted weiner would “tell the world” about hillary’s crimes?
black tv host hammers racist mooch: ‘the only hope you have michelle obama, is that everybody will be as miserable as you”
how people magazine cover proves hillary has always been wildly unpopular with women
jamelle bouie says science proves half of gop are deplorable
after trump attacks family of fallen soldier, his mother issues a heartbreaking response
florida sheriff hysterically shames woman busted for stealing from toys for tots! [video]
just in: donald trump seriously thinks deaf people are ‘retarded’
“f*ck trump! f*ck white people!” lefty goes nuts on judge jeanine…proves she’s clueless on freedom of speech [video]
post-obama america: liberal thug gets physical with n. dakota gop rep at town hall [video]
a monkey knocked out kenya’s power grid, so conservatives called obama a n*****
senator reveals shocking fbi corruption in “watered down” exoneration of hillary clinton [video]
marco rubio weighs in on castro’s death: “he did some horrifying things”…”don’t make him into a folk hero” [video]
trump will not be releasing his tax returns, and george will knows why
trump’s own tweets f*ck him as 9th circuit court shuts down his new muslim ban
mass nye sexual assaults in europe explained: [video] just an innocent rape game played by muslims in arab nations
syrian refugee family lied about bed bug infestation to get better housing
hilarious! fox news’ greg gutfeld introduces new sponsor of his show…”victima” [video]
rachel maddow announces plan to reveal trump’s tax returns…hey maddow, you might want to rethink that felony.
black muslim chases and tackles young white trump supporter [video]
muslim athlete given “hero’s welcome” indicted for sexual abuse of 12-yr old girl after senator schumer helped him get around u.s. visa denial
husband of presidential candidate under criminal investigation has secret meeting on taxpayer funded plane with obama’s crooked ag [video]
this is great! electoral map proves trump would win if election held today
40% of floridians believe this republican candidate may be a serial killer
#dncwalkout report: over 1000 bernie sanders supporters left #dnc after hillary nomination…#feelthebern #demexit [video]
white house on lockdown after ‘suspicious package’ – 1 person detained
terror group plans violence against trump supporters: shocking flier reveals calls for violence: “smash white supremacy”
obama signs star wars ii defense bill: hypocrisy of blaming trump for “arms race”
watch: juan hernandez tells how he was chased and beaten by anti-trump cowards who sucker punch people and run in packs
mlk and two others will be on the back of the $5 bill
watch: trump’s wiretap accusation blown wide open – he may be guilty of obstruction of justice
boiler room #108 – who’d win in a fight? boiler room vs. hitler vs. dracula
msnbc anchor flabbergasted at what texas teachers do to protect their students [video]
breaking: crooked va governor, close hillary friend gave wife of fbi official overseeing hillary email investigation $467,500
fox news’ shepard smith has liberal meltdown over trump press conference [video]…#fireshepardsmith
has bill clinton lost it? watch him yank balloon from little girl at dnc celebration…and more super senior moments [video]
watch barry lose his cool during interview about putin: “he’s challenging your leadership mr. president”
tommy chong just rolled trump up and smoked him in devastating tweet
things get ugly when iraq veteran confronts terrorist sympathizers protesting on street corner [video]
wheel of fortune’s “southern charm” week sparks protest claim of “slave” photo that’s something entirely different
communist filmmaker michael moore recruits leftists in attempt to harm trump
alt-left attacks phoenix police…karma hits back where it hurts [video]
watch: sean spicer in december strongly opposed exactly what he did today
blockbuster court ruling on obama/clinton benghazi emails forces the hand of the state department
classless rep wilson: trump will claim “somebody’s trying to kill barron” and resign
obama fights to keep radical agenda alive: asks crooked ag loretta lynch to find way to challenge supreme court decision that blocked his executive order amnesty scheme
media obsesses over ted cruz’s alleged infidelities, while ignoring hillary’s lesbian affairs revealed by same publication
twisted liberal kindergarten teacher allows transgender student to “reveal” her “true gender” to class
newt gingrich nails it: “it’s a set up!”…”comey created mueller” [video]
drunks and empty seats: crooked hillary panders to patrons at florida bar…speaks to empty seats in ft lauderdale baptist church [video]
breaking: gun used by 5 time deported illegal alien belonged to federal agent
spicer says trump can golf but obama shouldn’t have for this ridiculously bs reason
just in: close friend of hillary clinton who planned to “step away from politics” found dead in apparent suicide
busted! media caught red-handed trying to demoralize trump supporters with phony polls
rick scott issues bizarre response to the woman who humiliated him in starbucks
(video) grifter hillary clinton made $700k within 24 hours after saying she was dead broke
comey responds to firing…what he said will make liberal heads explode
obamacare: your dog might have better healthcare than you do
obama’s justice dept. grants immunity to staffer who set up clinton e-mail server
planned parenthood fundraises over shooting…only problem is, no one at body parts harvesting store was shot
watch: former trump girlfriend sets the record straight after nyt’s twists her remarks to make trump appear disrespectful to women
new poll shows how batsh** crazy trump fans are, gives them a brutal reality check
racist donald trump actually has the nerve to speak about march on washington anniversary
will american law enforcement lie, cheat and forge police reports? answer: yes.
it’s on: gop chairman just declared war on trump with this tweet
breaking bombshell: weiner is cooperating…fbi didn’t need warrant…not good news for crooked hillary [video]
hillary clinton destroys trump and cruz during inspiring speech in rejection of fear
never trump: ice cream shop kicks out muslim-hating bigots
live feed: boom! sessions comes out swinging [video]
trump erupts during speech to ‘honor’ veterans, what he did is beyond disrespectful
republican lawmakers helped orchestrate the bundy standoff, wanted war with feds
former dhs official mohamed elibiary on isis slaughtering christians: ‘what goes around, comes around’
trump makes joke to cops…the loony left freaks out claiming “trump promotes police brutality” [video]
trump infuriates intelligence community, puts national security at risk before he even takes office
boom! ben carson eviscerates rabid media over west point accusations…demands answers for why they didn’t look into obama’s past [video]
meryl streep destroys trump in epic and powerful golden globes speech
new york voters get it: protesters let it rip on hillary! [video]
military expert vows to take trump up on his challenge
not grassroots: #ferguson protestors paid over $5k to attack police, instigate violence and disrupt
this big announcement is yet another reason not to vote for hillary clinton
watch: al sharpton catches john mccain acting exactly like donald trump toward immigrants
according to donald trump,the kkk might not be all bad
sarah sanders asked if trump visiting civil rights museum is ‘insulting’…she drops truth bomb [video]
5 big lies the lefty media told this week…then the truth on trump, comey and russia
plane passengers get into all out brawl, then one of them shouts ‘america!’
watch: snl’s church lady returns to hilariously mock ted cruz and donald trump
un physically removes independent media from nyc hq for exposing institutional corruption
a van struck down muslims in london
twitter trashes draft dodger donald trump after disgusting attack on john mccain
boom! mother of black son murdered by blacks: “i don’t preach black lives matter, because black lives only matters when law enforcement is involved” [video]
crybaby dem women stay seated when trump enters chamber to address congress [video]
pa restaurant forced to close after ice sweep nabs illegal workers…attorney for illegals has unbelievable response
(video) donald trump’s message to the black lives matter bullies
sarah jessica parker fears she’ll be attacked and killed if trump is elected…has she not seen multiple trump supporters who’ve been bloodied by hillary’s lib mobs?
revealed: how us government-media complex are the masters of ‘fake news’
senior cia intel: “wiretapping of trump transition team worse than watergate” [video]
red flag in clinton’s fbi interview shocks former prosecutor andrew mccarthy
here you go: hillary’s e-mails for your reading pleasure
trump fans protest starbucks and twitter laughs hysterically at their glaring mistake
anti-gay texas attorney general faces disbarment
30 workers fired for skipping work to protest on behalf of illegal immigrants…calls employer who fired them a “racist” [video]
report: facebook’s zuckerberg gave fbi’s mueller info for russia investigation
trump lies to his supporters, claims cbs edited his words to make him look bad
patrick henningsen and don debar discuss trump’s ‘immigration ban’ and the media reaction
viral video captures the importance of investing in children
federal judge demands rnc reveal details of voter intimidation pact with trump
portland police call violent anti-trump protesters “anarchists”…upgrading protests to full-blown “riots…one person hit by car…killed
flashback: florida couple nearly ‘forecloses’ on bank of america
poll: clinton leads trump by 10 points, obama’s approval rating skyrockets
“people are hugging?”…”peaceful protest?” what the media’s not telling you about the charlotte riots [video]
donald trump says being president makes him immune to lawsuits as supporter throws him under the bus
breaking bombshell: 27 yr old son of arkansas prostitute says bill clinton is his father…did hillary keep him away from bill? [video]
this powerful campaign ad announces a serious challenge to paul ryan’s house seat
rude! watch megyn kelly ask pastor who supports moore: ‘aren’t you worried about the teenage girls in the d.c. area?’
why are we importing hate and intolerance? u.s.has imported over 674,000 migrants from countries who execute gays
warnings issued after nra fans plan to open carry guns near president obama
fbi files revealed: valerie jarrett’s family ties to communism run deep
new orleans bans incredible civil war monuments
dan rather has shocking response after trump sides with assange over america
after horrific national anthem sung at trump rally, pianist hilariously pretends to accompany
father of son murdered by illegal alien: donald trump was “sent from god”…”since my son was dead, i pretty much gave up on being happy” [video]
hilarious! president trump begs hillary to run in 2020 at press conference…”please run again!” [video]
valerie jarrett discusses possibility of michelle obama’s run for office with msnbc media ally, says trump’s win was”gut-wrenching” [video]
kid asks trump to sign his hat at egg roll, trump throws hat into crowd
trump gets skewered for trying to take credit for investment ford planned in 2015
senator asks doj to step in after white supremacists vow to engage in poll watching
report: even republicans are ‘disturbed’ by trump as congress looks for a way to oust him
boom! mother of black son murdered by blacks: “i don’t preach black lives matter, because black lives only matters when law enforcement is involved” [video]
nate silver: hillary clinton’s wins most resemble the democratic party
trey gowdy breaks down what clinton hasn’t answered to about use of private e-mail server [video]
clinton got a kaine…pence got a plane!
wikileaks: nsa spied on un secretary-general and world leaders’ secret meetings
morning joe shreds trump’s racist elizabeth warren attacks: ‘what the hell’s wrong with them?’
new black panther leader: trump is right…asks blacks to “re-examine the relationship” with democrat party…”democrats pimp us [blacks] like prostitutes” [video]
president obama just sent the climate change industry some very, very bad news
he’s baaack! judge napolitano on fox news not backing down from obama spying claim [video]
house republicans seek destruction of school lunch program because they hate kids
president obama hammers republicans: they’re full of hot air, bluster, and a word starting with a b
boom! former sheriff david clarke has a new nickname for racist maxine waters…and it’s perfect!
fox news humiliates mitt romney for flip-flopping on donald trump
new smoking gun irs documents prove targeting of conservative groups
newt gingrich hammers obama: “fire anyone who thought putin would focus on isis”
hillary’s new america: uniformed police officers not allowed on dnc floor [video]
bill maher crushes sarah palin for blaming obama for her bad parenting skills
horrible! teachers vote student “most likely to become a terrorist”
progressive champion elizabeth warren will deliver keynote speech to democratic convention
hysterical…the democrat convention schedule is revealed
utah ranchers vow to stand up to government abuse despite oregon arrests
dr gorka exposes the commies: one word susan rice cronies used is a warning to americans [video]
feds issue terror alert for july 4th…wait, i thought obama said isis is just a jv team?!
syria: british and american presence directly escalating conflict near al-tanf
anarchy by design: ‘anti-trump’ flash mobs, hollywood and the wall street war chest
portland riots: is obama risking a dangerous game of violence and anarchy? [video]
alec baldwin makes bombshell announcement that’s going to enrage trump
watch! anti-trump hag gets kicked off flight after threatening trump supporter…passengers clap! [video]
lol! ratings crasher megyn kelly is destroyed on social media for using her nbc show to give liberal trump sexual assault accusers a platform
49 people were just murdered in his state and this republican is giving away an ar-15
bigot christians make a hilariously awful anti-trans music video to boycott target
wife of pastor freed in iran just demolished the right-wing criticism of obama’s actions
woman reveals how head of fox news molested her for years
democrats admit plan to commit mass voter fraud [video]
watch: these videos will make trump the most toxic candidate ever
arkansas state troopers surprise 10-year-old on his birthday after no one shows up
breaking: screen shots of website show bulk discounts on aborted baby parts from planned parenthood partner
danish city overrun with muslim migrants makes pork mandatory on all municipal menus
pro-trump posters using apple logo pop up all over hollywood: “think different”
professor: political ignorance is “going to have consequences”
shocker! cnn’s jake tapper puts lying palestinian propagandist in his place: “if i run at a cop with a knife, i’m going to get shot” [video]
when #blacklivesmatter, golf take priority over our vets: 76 yr old vet kills himself in va parking lot after er allegedly denied appointment with doctor for mental problems
check out new ben & jerry’s flavor: touting america’s favorite socialist
urgent! join #antihillaryflashmob rally against hillary in san antonio
obama’s soldiers cause 5-hour shut down on st paul, mn interstate…throw molotov cocktails…concrete at cops head…injure 21 cops in attempt [video]
mic drop moment: veteran senator asked by a testy sen. schumer where he was 8 years ago: “eight years ago, i was getting my ass shot at in afghanistan”
confirmed bombshell: seth rich sent over 44,000 dnc emails to journalist, best friend of wikileaks founder…dc police officer claims they were told to “stand down” on case [video]
cnn anchor don lemon: a republican winning in georgia ‘shouldn’t be breaking news’ [video]
exploding african refugee population stressing welfare system in minnesota are sending millions of dollars back to africa
#boycottstarbucks…ceo puts leftist agenda over company profits…plans to hire 10,000 refugees in response to trump’s 4 month refugee moratorium…ignored obama’s 6 month ban on refugees
rachel maddow obtains document that means very bad news for trump’s muslim ban
conservative cnn guest commentator mocks liberal on twitter…cnn twists what he said to make it look like he’s pro-nazi…severs ties with him
watch: democrat heads are exploding after what newly elected alabama senator doug jones just said in defense of president trump and his supporters
nate silver’s election autopsy and reason for hillary’s loss will infuriate everyone
fox news says non-whites should only be depicted on separate but equal novelty money
we can’t afford to feed the poor but we’re spending $700 billion per year to kill people
blunt meme exposes difference between forced government and charitable giving
flashback: cnn host concerned working americans “are going to vote for donald trump again” after getting bonuses and pay raises
watch video: russia details turkey’s support of isis
(video) rioters take selfies with torched police car
mcconnell just admitted the nra must approve next supreme court justice
we guess she showed ‘em! lefty woman rips off her top in house gallery during protest to stop tax vote [video]
maddow: trump’s entire campaign is one big money-making scam
syria strikes: this is not the donald trump we wanted
stunning vintage video shows barack obama mocking god…the bible…where was this 9 years ago?
former democrat warns young americans: “rioters are being manipulated by big government forces who need them to regain political power” [video]
wikileaks proves hillary gave weapons to isis
shame: proof trump doesn’t care about military veterans
first somali refugee elected in american history subjected to islamophobic attack
dan rather breaks the internet with searing rebuke of trump’s ‘andrew jackson’ comment
republicans are livid after seeing this photo of martha stewart in front of donald trump
black man beaten by nazis at pro-trump rally so naturally cops charged him with a crime
breaking: blind opera singer gets death threats from left…forced to back out of performance at trump inauguration [video]
excluding whites is not racist: racist, angry blm activist tells tucker carlson it’s okay to have “blacks only” celebrations [video]
watch: joy reid and panel rip house intel chair and trump stooge devin nunes apart piece by piece
obama dances at last-ever white house gig to drake’s “hotline bling” [video]
“grexit”? greeks vote no on more austerity in return for rescue loans
how hate groups raised millions disguised as charities
the las vegas mass shooting – more to the story than we’ve been told
(video) navajo nation has a message for senator john mccain as he’s chased away: “get off our land!”
judge jeanine pirro: rioters need to pay the price with prosecution! [video]
right-wing media won’t let slain dnc staffer rip
superhero cop shows us all what a good police officer looks like
hollywood director tried to make political statement by wearing dress from “majority muslim nation” to #oscars…so we suggested a more sharia compliant gown
watch her ski! american taxpayers on the hook for aspen trip by first lady
ben carson just totally lost his sh*t on msnbc when asked about trump’ sexual assaults
breaking udate: iran confirms $1.7 billion was ransom payment for prisoners and not part of “nuclear deal” original story: obama and kerry agree to give iran $1.7 billion u.s. taxpayer dollars as “settlement”
university of texas police kick humiliated nazis off campus before they could start trouble
‘common cause’? barbra streisand lobbying obama to bypass us senate and appoint supreme court justice unilaterally
right wing fear profiteers warn of coming ‘civil war’ over scalia’s ‘murder’
a must watch video: steve bannon “if you think they’re going to give you your country back without a fight, you’re sadly mistaken.”
sorry liberals…you can stop with the petitions…hillary did not win the popular vote
dumb as a rock…gary johnson on nyc, mn terror attacks: “i’m just grateful that nobody got hurt” [video]
trump rages: my tweets attacking mika are ‘modern day presidential’
boom! obama required to respond, after petition to “formally recognize black lives matter as a terrorist organization” exceeds required 100k signatures in only 5 days…add your name!
really fake news: new york times finally retracts its ’17 intelligence agencies’ claim on russia hacking us elections
consequences of open borders: 15 heavily armed men break into texas border home with 9 yr old boy and open fire
the nra endorsed trump, but they’d have ended him in 2012 for his comments right after sandy hook
trump once again uses a tragedy to congratulate himself
trump breaks tradition started by bill clinton…doesn’t host white house ramadan dinner…had other plans [video]
hillary clinton’s super detailed counterterrorism strategy…lol
keith olbermann: donald trump wants to protect the right to poison dogs
trump throws petty hissy fit because bill clinton told the truth about him at a bookstore
leftist for a living changes position, turns on obama, declares: “this is a war…shut down the borders…no visas” [video]
here it is: list of democrat hypocrites who voted to filibuster gw bush’s final supreme court pick
a must read! here’s why voting for donald trump is a morally good choice
watch: black sports host blasts white espn sports host for asking white athletes to take a knee during national anthem
watch: neo-nazi leader regrets his trump vote, blames ‘jewish lobby’ for failure to build wall
elizabeth warren has found breathtaking hypocrisy in fbi’s treatment of hillary’s emails
obama’s “clock boy” comes back to texas…after spending 9 months doing this…
snl absolutely destroys gop candidates in cold opening
privacy alert: your vacuum cleaner is spying on you…no consent required to share your data
boiler room – ep #46 – murder, witchery, politricks & a manatee
two f-15 fighter jets called in to intercept unresponsive plane violating airspace near mar-a-lago
shocking summary of the dnc convention so far…did we leave anything out?
watch: gop senator pleads with trump to drop out of the election
just minutes after new dnc chair chosen…wikileaks exposes him for political wrongdoing
black politicians increase attacks on ben carson, accuse him of supporting ‘white supremacists’
historic: obama working on gay rights memorial, and the right can’t stop him
miss texas gave a very unexpected answer when asked about trump, and republicans are furious
hillary tries to bash trump for foreign-made ties…but let’s check out those pantsuits! [video]
secret service just killed the fun: no open carry at the gop convention
‘responsible’ texas father shoots his 9-year-old daughter while showing her his gun
minnesota woman writes amazing f*ck off letter to men who want to ban abortion
how to watch the highly anticipated ‘clinton cash’ movie free!…thanks to breitbart!
conservative mom and cruz supporter goes all in for trump…and here’s why
mitch mcconnell humiliates trump, gives him a brutal reality check on border wall
catholic bishop outraged over hillary’s anti-catholic bigotry: hillary’s a “scheming, robotic liar with lifelong appetite for power” [video]
judge jeanine scorches cast of hamilton: “out and out reverse racism and teed up hate” [video]
trump announces two more companies join “america first” job’s campaign…8,000 jobs! [video]
twitter destroys trump after he whines that eric can’t sell access to his administration
poverty pimp al sharpton uses the bible to say dems should give “the big payback” to republicans
comedian adam carolla slams nyc mayor de blasio’s statue commission
epa chief reveals her ‘trashy’ upbringing and what she’s sure all families did pre-epa
‘morning joe’ hosts hail john conyers as ‘icon’…who ‘shows up in his pajamas’ [video]
watch: penn jillette’s newest card trick perfectly illustrates how trump runs his campaign
new age guru dr. deepak chopra says trump may be “mentally retarded” [video]
popular christian author explains why christians must vote for trump…even if he isn’t the “perfect” candidate [video]
breaking: flynn will plead the fifth, refuse to produce documents
colleges may be forced to stop pushing qualified white students to back of line.. doj will take on affirmative action in college admissions
california pizza shop gets real life lesson in economics after selling “living wage pizza”
canada’s obama? watch new prime minister call himself a “proud feminist”…promises to raise taxes on wealthy and welcome more syrian “refugees” [video]
trump’s ‘spiritual advisor’ is just another con artist and she stole her con from harry potter
breaking #war: police drag radical hecklers from trump rally as fights break out [video]
kellyanne conway says all intel on russia must be kept secret to ‘protect the public’
trump: the first president to turn postmodernism against itself
burn! sebastian gorka humiliates msnbc on use of ‘radical islamic terrorism’ [video]
trump’s latest campaign promise may be his most horrible one yet
here’s how corrupt virginia gov is going against supreme court decision to help hillary win his state
bombshell: frustrated outgoing army general says obama’s military cuts making enemies more emboldened…iraq didn’t need to collapse [video]
why taxpayer funded food trucks plan to stalk kids this summer
lawyers trump used to ‘prove’ he has no russia connection won ‘russia law firm of the year’ in 2016
netanyahu says ‘respected western opinion leaders’ hate the jewish people
political agitator: globalist george soros linked to over 50 ‘partners’ of the women’s march on washington
alabama’s chief justice just spit on the constitution: reinstates ban on gay marriage
stockholm study: us & europe top arms trade globally – saudi arabia’s weapons imports skyrocket over 200 percent
samantha bee invited trump fans to a party, and all hell broke loose
socialist bernie sanders praises castro [video]
watch: fox news gets burned by the monster they created
watch: hypocrite bill o’reilly accuses liberals of ‘sedition’ for calling trump illegitimate
unreal! two florida immigrant politicians intimidated voters: “candidates watched over their shoulders, telling them who to vote for.”
chilling: how america looks after 8 long years with an anti-american president
christiane amanpour rips the media a new one over coverage of hillary clinton’s pneumonia
eight family members shot and killed ‘execution style’ in ohio
here’s why a homeless man refused to come down from a giant tree
trump’s puerto rico contract with two-man energy company is corrupt as f*ck
shocking report: 50% of babies in 24 states born via medicaid…is your state on the list?
email reveals univ of pittsburgh telling professors to give students “extra credit” for protesting trump [video]
breaking: major action taking place at trump tower as activists project messages, demonstrate
trump’s approval rating tanks to the lowest level of any president’s first 60 days
breaking: muslim clock boy family…give us $15 million…or else
anti-trump protesters scream profanities at fox news in segment on peaceful protests
nancy pelosi’s face falls after joy reid questions her about stepping down [video]
barack obama shows he’s serious about fighting terrorism…releases osama bin laden’s bodyguard from gitmo
whoa! michael moore says trump is only hope to rescue middle-class: “human molotov cocktail” americans “can legally throw into the system” [video]
are republicans abandoning their war on the poor to fight back against trump?
obama-appointed fed judge clears those in limbo at airports due to trump’s immigration order…the left has a hissy fit!
whoopi goldberg gets pissed, gives trump the reality check we’ve all been waiting for
cnn host expertly shreds trump and conservative commentator for trashing john lewis
watch: paul ryan gets his a** handed to him by fox host on gop healthcare plan
why obama’s lawsuit against nc is really about the jack-boot of government on america’s throats
tavis smiley drops a truth bomb about obama and the black community [video]
berkeley college thugs form human chain to stop white students from attending class [video]
obama’s chief of staff warns america…he’s not going away quietly: promises “audacious executive actions” including gun control
man yells ‘cnn is fake news!’ during live nyc broadcast
army-navy crowd erupts during trump interview…”make america great again” [video]
watch: republican analyst who worked for nixon says trump is in impeachment territory
the phoenix police department just sent trump a cease-and-desist letter — they’re furious
do woman want to elect a bully whose campaign works with shady operatives to incite violence against women, children and senior citizens? [video]
james o’keefe gives #veryfakenewscnn advance notice: “a few hundred hours” of “secretly recorded material” from inside the network…#cnnleaks
diamond and silk open up large can of whoop a$$ on maxine waters in painfully funny video
president trump slam dunks golden state nba punk stephen curry who bragged about not going to white house to celebrate championship
karma! did meryl streep’s anti-trump rant at golden globes cost her dream role in hillary movie?
trump advisor’s stupidity makes cnn host explode in battle over climate change
henningsen: obama white house colluded with facebook to fabricate ‘russian bot’ conspiracy
montel williams destroys pro-trump pastor in insane twitter fight
boom! watch video found proving gen. kelly right on ‘grandstanding’ cowgirl congresswoman [video]
chris cuomo stunned as trump’s advisor blames hillary for melania’s plagiarized speech
maxine waters hijacks funeral to bash trump…turns service into wild-eyed lynch mob [video]
watch: the amazing moment that made bernie cry at the convention
the white house just tried to pretend trump was winning, immediately regrets it
the best anti-hillary ad ever made…you’ll want to watch this brutal video more than once
detroit schools chief wants to shut down charter schools ranked “best in the state” to focus on public schools ranked “worst urban school district in country”
family of s.c. shooting victim has a message for al sharpton and he’s not gonna like it…
epic! trump responds to disgusting fake report from cnn and buzzfeed: “i’m a germaphobe!” [video]
get out of jail free: how obama’s race war is quietly being funded by jay z
gop poll workers accused of cheating dem voters on super tuesday
curt schilling doubles down on transgender hate on facebook, adds racism
a sick little boy just found a heart donor hours after flotus prayed over him
steve jobs’ widow announces support for “revolutionary” hillary on same day hillary’s busted for faking this…
wake up! george soros “drastically ramps up” effort to destroy america
‘pay to stay’: feds open fake university to catch fake visa scam [video]
what? matt lauer asks obama’s former cia director if trump’s inner circle is prepared to “tackle” or “lock him in a room” to keep trump from using nuclear weapons [video]
tiffany & co. takes big risk…sides against trump on very controversial issue
media ignores time that bill clinton fired his fbi director on day before vince foster was found dead
ex-subway spokesman and pedophile jared fogle attacked, beaten in prison
obama gives un authority to vet 9,000 “refugees” from latin america to u.s.
zombie hillary makes bizarre statement on plane after nyc bomb explosion…#zombiehillary [video]
mn somali residents comment on muslim who stabbed innocent people at mall: was “exceptional” student, “helped his family…never had a violent history”
ted nugent calls for the death of president obama, goes off on racist rant
two somali muslim men arrested for daytime gun fight in olive garden parking lot in city ranked “#2 best place to live in america”
former fbi asst director: “jim comey ‘danced with the devil’…i’m glad he’s gone” [video]
jim beam fans call for boycott after spokesperson and liberal actress brags about taunting vp mike pence for defending life
nancy pelosi advises changing numbers after dems are doxxed in dnc hack
ron howard’s defense of meryl streep to a twitter troll will make your day
trump, liberal hypocrisy & humanity’s future
trump gets busted for using $12,000 of charity funds to buy sports memorabilia for himself
watch john kerry’s fear mongering on iran deal support: “profound and damaging implications” if denied by congress
u.s. state dept. spox: ‘everybody wants assad out five years ago’
gop congressman defies trump with blistering attack on his voter fraud investigation
trump outlines how he’ll treat america like a bankrupt business and it is terrifying
doj monitors patriot gun-range owner who banned muslims from her gun range
great answer! trump’s response to question from bbc reporter: “this was your choice of a question, there goes that relationship!”
watch: joe biden gives devastating critique of trump’s debate performance
gun grabbing progressives and due process: watch trey gowdy grill gov’t thug on due process [video]
longtime gop consultant throws his party under the bus by explaining voter id laws
ben stein hilariously bashes trump, tells him to ‘man up’ and stop his ‘whiny bitchiness’
cnn’s don lemon tries to blame trump…cuts off guest when he won’t agree about montana body slamming incident [video]
breaking news: hollywood kingpin, and top hillary donor, harvey weinstein just got some very bad news from his own company
ben carson destroys interrupting anti-trump msnbc host: “can you turn her microphone off please?” [video]
breaking…internal memo from obama’s corrupt epa: flint not worth “going out on a limb for”
college conservatives stalked by antifa on campus: you ‘will not stop us’ [video]
full interview: president trump nails it on immigration, obamacare, us military, jobs and “incompetent” nancy pelosi [video]
you won’t believe who defeated a bill in june to arm our soldiers at recruiting centers and bases
what ‘states rights?’ – ted cruz calls for federal law to crush all labor unions nationwide
mother outraged over daughter being asked to arrive nude to exam by radical college prof whose past includes aiding illegals to cross border into us
watch: wolf blitzer makes republican throw temper tantrum over trump’s nazi problem
conservative icon and national review founder william f. buckley loathed donald trump
fireworks! the view’s conservative panelist gets into heated debate with liberal snowflake on obamacare [video]
students sent home from school for wearing traditional swiss clothing considered “racist”
muslims respond to republican mess by bringing 30,000 bottles of clean water to flint residents
boiler room #99 – almost to 100!
(video) cringe inducing: hillary brings out the fake southern accent on her first campaign trip to the south
lol! desperate kathy griffin makes home video to complain about not getting work after trump beheading stunt…takes page from hillary’s playbook…blames everyone else for end of her career
clinton campaign manager drops bombshell on who he thinks will win 2016 presidential election
democrat lawmaker puts forth bill requiring wife’s permission for men to obtain viagra prescription
bill nye crushes the a-hole who started the rumor that he would debate sarah palin
michelle obama breaks church rules wearing revealing top into siena cathedral
senator john mccain’s trump dossier hand off…the “go-between” speaks out
awesome! watch donald trump give the perfect answer to a heckler
whoa! chicago tribune: “if nation was more important to democrats than power”…they would “ask her to step down now”
un ambassador samantha power unmasked hundreds of trump associates during 2016 election [video]
ex-fbi agent navy seal: “russian interference” lie spread by intelligence community is like hitler’s mein kampf [video]
outrageous video! obama keeps stirring the flames of division and hate
why did obama approve $418 million sale of u.s. weapons to kenya on his last day in office…and why was the contract awarded to a firm who never produced one of these planes?
(video) angry latino activist: “ultimately, it doesn’t matter if we’re undocumented.”
media ignores trump’s first record-breaking christmas season…retail sales of $600 billion: “this is literally the best season since before the recession”
donald trump claims paris is in germany, but we assure you it is not
trump ‘clarifies’ abortion comments: i meant that women should punish themselves
wow! what happened when somebody asked beyonce’s racist sister to sit down at a concert?
breaking: saudi deputy crown prince secretly rushed into west wing of white house [video]
exclusive post-election, liberal meltdown explained in one hilarious poem: “ode to liberal lunacy”
breaking: 28 yr old palestinian muslim feras mohamed freitekh crashes plane near pratt whitney hq’s…instructor pilot said “it was intentional”…media says motive is still mystery…lol!
the daily show’s hasan minaj breaks character and admits he’s scared for his family
conservative fox news houston host fired for saying what we all think about obama’s race war on facebook
trump’s doj said executive branch can withhold info from dems, senators from both parties livid
hannity has a complete meltdown after being called a fascist traitor by chaz bono
sarah huckabee sanders just said the dumbest f*cking thing about trump jr.’s russia collusion
these lives mattered: americans furious as new orleans joins left’s effort to erase history
you’re fired! is this billboard going to bring down house speaker paul ryan?
introducing: hamish “the illusion” patterson
wow! watch obama’s 5 most threatening comments against americans
officer who shot tamir rice finally fired, but not for killing an unarmed child
only hours after death of supreme court justice scalia, democrats demand obama chooses his replacement
soldier: ‘here’s why trump’s transgender military ban makes sense’
trump threatens actor tom arnold for talking about ‘apprentice’ tapes that show him saying the n-word
elizabeth warren calls out ‘every single’ house republican for ‘shameful’ vote
chicago community organizers mobilize flash mobs to shut down trump campaign rally
finally: sheriff joe ruled in contempt over racial profiling
north carolina republicans move to sabotage executive branch because democrat was elected governor
hooded men spray-paint racial slurs, pro-trump graffiti at ucsd campus
elementary school plans ‘blacks only’ field trip to college for third graders
breaking: female law student busts hillary’s “oh sh*t” it guy who was seeking help to scrub hillary’s name from emails…wikileaks applauds!
high school shows students racist “sh*t white people say” video as part of morning announcements
whoa! new disturbing video shows hillary’s campaign likely faked her audience at nc rally
trump-loving oklahoma gop rep. busted calling for hillary clinton’s murder
you’re not in europe anymore: group of “rapefugees” expelled from norway are beaten by russian mob for harassing girls
chilling undercover video exposes discrimination, relationships with judges and arbitrary criteria used to deny gun permits
putin threatens to release 20,000 “top secret” emails from hillary…why judge napolitano says this is very bad news for hillary [video]
zing! sarah sanders slices and dices hack reporter with awesome one-liner [video]
watch: news cameras catch drug smugglers scale border fence to arizona [video]
republicans are admitting they’re fine with treason as long as they win
outrageous: illinois school uses fingerprint scanner to “track” kids…america yawns
breaking wikileaks bombshell! murdered dnc staffer seth rich was dnc leaker: “he was my whistleblower”
watch: trevor noah notices something oddly familiar about the flint water crisis
boom! leaders of 34,000 black churches tell members to turn backs on race-baiter-for-hire al sharpton’s d.c. march against trump
congressman: bitter liberals stalling wisconsin count to steal electoral votes from trump [video]
farmer fined a whopping $2.8 million asks president trump for help
maddow destroys trump’s ‘dangerous’ move in his most hateful campaign stop yet
beyond mission creep: u.s. planning to send 1,000 more ground troops into syria
donald trump is time’s person of the year — so was hitler… and stalin… and putin
breaking: felon wearing black lives matter t-shirt fires 17 shots into indianapolis police officer’s home…screamed “i hate police” [video]
the real reason trump is angry with mcconnell and ryan
mattel features boy in girly barbie commercial…doing their part to help letists blur the gender lines [video]
cia operative admits deep state globalist control – the game of nations
trump demotes career state department official after breitbart questions her loyalty to america
the united states government has told trump to go f*ck himself
‘meet jeb’ – going for your sympathy vote
top lawyers go after trump, offer to defend his accusers for free
ga police sergeant fired for flying confederate flag at her home
oops! new breaking polls shows donald trump is more popular than john mccain with vets
paul ryan heckled at rally: “shame on you!” [video]
mi gov. dick sends seven national guardsman to help 100,000 flint residents
ivanka finally breaks with daddy, strongly denounces white supremacists
watch: tom brokaw and morning joe burn sarah palin for threatening paul ryan
people investigating ivanka trump’s chinese factory have been arrested or gone missing
anonymous gop reps admit clinton will win, blame trump’s stupidity
war on christmas dimwits lose it over new starbucks cup – there’s just one teensy problem
hollywood witchcraft: the dark side revealed in the witch (2016)
awesome! diamond and silk rip into the press: “we don’t believe you!” [video]
obama’s america: incoming u.s. citizens no longer required to pledge they will “bear arms on behalf of the united states”
ouch! $15 minimum wage activist interviewed by cavuto just doesn’t get the truth [video]
yale will tack new fee onto already outrageous tuition costs to help fight phony climate change
department store chain drops ivanka trump like a bad habit as daddy f*cks over our country
solyndra on wheels: thousands of chevy volts sit unsold
update: why univ of michigan replaced scheduled showing of “american sniper” with pg movie about a teddy bear
transportation secretary: highway system targeted black neighborhoods [video]
watch john oliver speak directly to donald trump to ask a very important question
gabby giffords drops mic on trump after he exploits london attacks to push pro-gun agenda
cnn anchor loses it during debate on nfl: ‘i’m smarter than the bullsh*t answer you’re giving me!’
urgent! join #antihillaryflashmob rally against hillary in san antonio
heartwarming: support for socialism on college campuses much less than media would like americans to believe
ignorance gave gitmo prisoner freedom…uk gave him £1 million…he repaid us by becoming a human bomb for isis [video]
bad news for the speaker: many republicans agree…trump’s debt deal was better than paul ryan’s
this horrifying list is exactly why we can’t say ‘it will be okay’ under trump
obama joins comedy central host to push ‘laughable’ establishment conspiracy theory on dnc leaks
proof: republicans are blocking black voters, this court case is exposing them
donald trump strikes back: reminds american voters bernie sanders is “a communist”…and a coward [video]
47 fabulous photos of melania trump on her 47th birthday
rabid pro-amnesty legislator luis gutiérrez on paul ryan for speaker “he would work with democrats in order to solve the problems of america” [video]
wow! jeb bush claims roy moore should “step aside” on same day sixth woman accuses george hw bush of sexual assault: groped her when she “was a child”
lol! cnn tells viewers “it’s illegal” to read wikileaks emails…so they’ll tell you what’s in them [video]
the dirty truth about daca recipients…where they’re really coming from…their criminal records…and how they really got here
fbi agents are doing something unusual in the wake of comey’s firing
trump’s un speech may have been terrible, but the faces of other representatives were priceless
latest trump campaign ad reveals his disturbing plans for day one in the white house
‘a delirium is spreading’ – the left’s great russian conspiracy theory
“comedian” chris rock was a racist before it was cool: “you can’t beat white people at anything…nothing. but you can knock ’em out.” [video]
melania trump and heidi cruz finally get together on ‘maya & marty’ – and it’s hilarious
john mccain wanted another 74 twitter followers, but his plan backfired miserably
here are the right-wing scumbags the bundy militiamen say they’ll kill people to protect
four-year-old bursts into tears when she learns obama is leaving office
bombshell: president carter banned iranians from america during hostage crisis
patton oswalt to bernie fans: ‘you’re a f*cking child’ if you skip voting out of hatred for hillary
cnn fires black dem party chair: new wikileaks email exposes second question donna brazile gave to crooked hillary in advance of debate
so, about that ‘stand down’ order in benghazi from hillary– it never happened
senator jeff flake is strongly ‘denounced’ by brent bozell for being a fake conservative ‘with no conscience’
don’t buy the media hype: democrats are more united now than in 2008
anti-trump protesters pepper sprayed again
what cards against humanity did with your black friday money is the best thing of the year
big trump campaign news that just changed the whole ballgame!
new poll shows republicans hilariously abandoning the ‘free market,’ embracing fascism
dems tell kanye west to shut up and sing: banned from giving advice to obama at pricey fundraiser
hawaiian restaurant gets hammered with negative reviews after banning trump supporters: “you cannot eat here”
watch: president obama doesn’t give a f*ck about donald trump’s birther annoucement
fast and furious hearing rips obama and holder for obstruction: “atf and doj officials implemented an all-out campaign to silence me” [video]
trump tweets fake photo of black supporters after racist meltdown
british woman loses virginity to asylum seeking rapist on her way to church
top democrat activist who launched online campaign to threaten and bully 12 yr old conservative is facing charges [video]
crooked soros: trump will win popular vote in landslide…trump will lose electoral vote…hillary is “done deal” [video]
twitter user suggests “climate deniers” should be shot
[video] our divider in chief, barack obama, invokes “n” word during interview
israeli minister calls for ‘civil targeted killing’ of human rights activists leading boycott of israel
it’s about time! 19 gop congressmen call for closer look into mueller’s team of political hack lawyers
why obama’s corrupt inner circle is desperately fighting to protect his failed reputation
crooked harry reid threatens fbi director james comey in letter…last paragraph of letter says it all
boom! fox news host eric bolling hits back with $50 million defamation suit against huffington post reporter over sexting story
(video) madness in the streets: over 100 cops hurt in baltimore as obama’s plan for chaos spreads
obama’s chief of staff warns america…he’s not going away quietly: promises “audacious executive actions” including gun control
nancy sinatra says 5 million “murderous members” of the nra “should face a firing squad”
racist joe arpaio extorts money for re-election by threatening to retire
trump just got ripped apart after demanding clinton apologize for fake thing she didn’t do
guess who’s offended now? this walmart costume set off a firestorm of complaints so i think i’ll buy it
photo woman posted of unsuspecting target cashier goes viral
watch minnesota dem mayor shake and cry about ‘white privilege’ [video]
trump supporters attacked by liberal protesters: taking political violence to new level
republicans don’t need a single democrat to fund trump’s border wall…so what’s the holdup?
why a wall street investor endorsed senator bernie sanders
remember when donald trump fought palm beach officials to make mar-a-lago a club that welcomed blacks and jews when other clubs excluded them?
trump told more than a thousand documented lies in only seven months
mysterious twitter account: nfl’s goodell gets help from shocking source
watch: trump stumbles when asked if he would support former kkk grand wizard
watch this wwii vet shame trump to hell and back for insulting pows and the military
trump takes action: send “animal” to gitmo…already starting process to “get rid of senator chuck schumer’s “diversity lottery” that gave us nyc terrorist [video]
americans blast hypocrite mitch mcconnell for whining about democrat plan to block trump’s scotus noms
trump explodes after jeff sessions gets caught lying about russia, claims it’s a ‘total witch hunt’
obama and union leaders sell out american workers by turning illegal alien into union members
lol! costco puts hillary in “milk aisle” for book signing…customers shout “hillary for prison!”…ask for membership refunds [video]
arrogant former illegal alien brags about using fake ss number, says border wall is “expression of hate”…gets destroyed by tucker [video]
baltimore burns: maryland governor brings in national guard and declares a state of emergency
hurry, or he’ll pop off! obama’s just waiting for your specific “alternative” [supercut video]
parents ban black history month video from school because of ‘white guilt’
boiler room – ep #57 – revenge of the social rejects
caught on camera! anti-trump thugs stoop to new low but challenge cameraman when questioned [video]
was his death coincidental? [video] he warned us obama would divide us by race and class…he claimed he had proof…then suddenly he died
ma: illegal alien accused of running $1.5 million food stamp scam cuts gps bracelet…manhunt underway
saudi prince reminds donald trump: i bailed you out – twice
parent furious after 4th grade class joins hateful protestors and teacher in chant on capitol steps: “[governor] walker sucks!”
watch: snl brutally mocks the kushner/bannon feud in hilarious reality show spoof
donald trump even stole the cake design from obama’s 2013 inauguration
ceo of starbucks sends giant f**k you to trump in groundbreaking open letter
200 socialist radicals storm heritage foundation in dc: “we’re shutting it down!” [video]
cia claims of russian intervention in us election fall flat
neil degrasse tyson and j.k. rowling burn trump with searing joke on twitter
chicago daycare opens for adults to wear diapers, act like babies
breaking: device that busted hillary clinton discovered to have tens of thousands of emails
tx teacher infuriates mother with note implying her daughter may die in next orlando-like attack
arrogant former illegal alien brags about using fake ss number, says border wall is “expression of hate”…gets destroyed by tucker [video]
bill clinton loses it with heckler in finger-pointing rant: “i defended obama…” [video]
col oliver north: five facts that prove obama’s policies led to the rise of isis [video]
big mistake? masked antifa cowards target kid rock’s detroit concert opening of little caesars arena tonight
barack obama shows he’s serious about fighting terrorism…releases osama bin laden’s bodyguard from gitmo
hilarious! tennessee responds to california’s ‘foolish’ travel ban: keep your ‘unfounded moral judgment’ to yourself
yes, obama…there is a magic wand! [video]
germany kicking residents out to make way for refugees: nurse shocked after being kicked out of same flat for 16 years
whoa! why is our classless president following porn sites on twitter?
revolution: the patriot spring is coming
two weeks before 1980 election polls showed carter-47 vs reagan-39…reagan won in landslide…why trump will likely do the same
cher humiliates democrats over childish neil gorsuch “tantrums” in one brutal tweet
boom! sarah huckabee sanders sets media straight on difference between trump volunteer’s meeting and clinton-dnc paying millions for fake russian dossier
4th of july: why the shadow government hates independence day
whoa! watch former teen hollywood actor: “i can tell you the #1 problem in hollywood was and is and always will be pedophilia”
trump supporters already regret voting for him and here’s the hilarious proof
watch: trump’s new brutal anti-hillary ad has her barking like a dog
british woman loses virginity to asylum seeking rapist on her way to church
trump’s relationship with this woman could lead to huge scandal for gop
deranged leftists cross the line: chicago play targeting 10 yr old barron trump opens tonight in obama’s old neighborhood
campaign chaos: mike pence just slammed trump for his remarks on groping women
three-year-old dies after finding loaded gun, shooting herself
white house on lockdown after ‘suspicious package’ – 1 person detained
this is how trump could win in a landslide – prepare to laugh
breaking: michael brown friend who started #handsupdontshoot lie arrested
washed up hollywood loser makes embarrassing video bashing trump over paris climate agreement
dhs secretary gets hammered with “where’s obama” questions…you won’t believe his excuse!
awesome rant by african-american woman who’s fed up: “sanctuary cities are racist!”
pat robertson endorses trump: he ‘inspires us all’
wow! watch former democrat hammer obama on his weak leadership and hatred for america
watch: trump supporter sits in silent humiliation after being schooled by van jones on russia
georgia republican threatens to ‘disappear’ democrat over monuments to slavery
boom! watch trump in flint: “now, the cars are made in mexico and you can’t drink the water in flint”
just released: horrifying cell phone video from inside lavoy finicum’s vehicle shows what really happened
md special needs man gunned down over a basketball
colbert grills sanders on his ‘revolution for america’ — sanders’ response is brilliant
the nra just got caught in a lie that shatters everything they stand for
trump vows to ‘get better deal’ for us on keystone xl, promises to break the law to do it
video proves texas cop lied about man pulling a gun on him twice
how #basedstickman became a super-hero to the right after fighting back against violent democrats in berkeley [video]
watch: joy reid hammers republicans for wasting taxpayer money to pay for trump’s wall
here’s why l.l. bean is being boycotted by the loony lefties and what you can do about it!
watch: fox news is already blaming president obama for the mass shooting in orlando
baltimore braces for chaos: mistrial declared in freddie gray case
fbi informant has video evidence of russian efforts to win favor of clintons in uranium one deal
trump can’t find one latino for his cabinet; here’s why
the real reason trump is angry with mcconnell and ryan
mother of roy moore accuser makes big mistake on key detail of daughter’s story
carly fiorina loses it after the ‘baby parts’ people are indicted instead of planned parenthood
democrats just crushed a bunch of republicans in illinois because of backlash against trump
the woman who moved freedom loving americans to tears with her passionate irs testimony is now asking for our help
breaking dallas: dpd chief confirms 10 officers shot, 3 dead, two in surgery, 3 in critical condition…shot by “2 snipers” reportedly wearing body armor during dallas black lives matter protest [videos]…shooter on loose
in 2017, america’s liberal abortion agenda looks a lot like nazi eugenics
meet “lyin’ lizzie”: why was obama’s ag loretta lynch using her grandmother’s name as an alias in email communication with doj?
major cosmetic company announces plans to release anti-trump hair product…#boycott
boiler room ep #115 – very fake news & the slaughter of innocence
crowd scientists have bad news for trump over inauguration crowd size vs. women’s march
trump is giddy about his upcoming meeting with putin and advisors are freaking out
dixie chicks’ natalie maines can’t stop tweeting at trump and it’s a thing of beauty
president makes surprise appearance after super bowl – and he has jokes
media goes nuts after trump tweets hilarious video showing him body-slamming cnn
u.s. attorney on fire: why fbi director comey “is a danger to this country” [video]
twitter tears paul ryan to bloody ribbons for praising cbo review of gop healthcare plan
comedy gold! bernie sanders has hilarious meltdown over repeal of obamacare: “if you are old..if you’re 55-60 yrs of age and don’t have health insurance, you will die!” [video]
eyewitness says feds ambushed bundys, 100 shots fired at passengers, lavoy finicum killed with ‘hands up’
millionaire palin and billioniare trump beg gullible supporters to pay for sarah’s travel costs
north korea blinks after threats from potus and “mad dog” mattis: “if they do that, then it’s game on”
breaking: federal judge stops obamacare transgender, abortion related protections
chris christie has disgusting response to angry nj residents, he sounds just like trump now
hillary announces defense of killing babies after 20 weeks…okay with keeping babies alive if used for campaign props
dan rather buries trump in epic post-debate analysis that everyone should see
the 1 percenter baby: chelsea’s daughter is clearly not one of those ‘everyday people’ her ‘dead broke’ granny is championing
kellyanne conway shuts down abc news hack george stephanopoulos after he tries to convince viewers trump isn’t legitimate president [video]
wife of lions quarterback matthew stafford just sent a brutal message to nfl players who disrespect our flag
paris mayor anne hidalgo on donald trump: ‘my god, he’s so stupid’
town’s only black firefighter’s home burns down after racist sends threatening letter
cop who killed mentally ill teen sues victim’s family for $10 million dollars
pamela gellar’s free speech event helps root out another “off-the-charts dangerous” american muslim terrorist with big plans…
dear trump: isis is not a football game
former classmates slam ted cruz: he’s about as telegenic as an undertaker
insane video: it’s graduation time…and that means it’s time for our racist first lady to spew hateful lies and rhetoric about racist white america and the mistreatment of blacks
she should never have been allowed to step foot on american soil: how female terrorist used fake info to get us visa
carrier workers blast trump: ‘he lied his ass off’
breaking: violent hillary thugs beat man holding “bill clinton is a rapist” sign at hillary rally [video]
trump throws all-caps tantrum after appeals court’s unanimous decision to shut down muslim ban
a must watch! judge napolitano: “for the first time in the modern era the man in the oval office is an adversary of the deep state and not a tool of it” [video]
traumatized indiana mom ‘terrified’ after becoming target of white supremacists
gap apologizes for “offensive image” after blacktivists use social media to attack ad…but here’s dirty secret race agitators aren’t sharing
pope francis worries usa has “distorted vision of the world”
one crucial detail on budweiser’s new ‘patriotic’ beer cans will really p*ss conservatives off
powerful oscar performance by lady gaga brings audience to tears (video/tweet)
trump’s lapdog chris christie breaks all time record as his career explodes into flames
(video) unbelievable! black judge berates victims of home invasion and you won’t believe why
trump spotted hanging up easily the most pathetic picture of all time in the white house
watch: fox anchor forced to admit he lied about a ‘likely’ clinton indictment
hillary wrote this letter to superdelegates in 2008 that bernie fans may find interesting
obama joins comedy central host to push ‘laughable’ establishment conspiracy theory on dnc leaks
whoa! did hillary just have a seizure on camera? [video]
confederate memorial taken down on 153rd anniversary of gettysburg address…the cleansing continues [video]
cowardly espn won’t stand up for black reporter who spoke the truth about trump
watch: trump campaign spokeswoman says president obama started the war in afghanistan
bigger than snowden: wikileaks ‘vault 7’ classified cia leak  – what does it mean?
in a show of weakness…obama will not provide this list of political prisoners to human rights violator raul castro
eric trump tries to defend donald on tax evasion, makes huge mistake
sara carter drops shocker on why a shake-up is eminent at the fbi [video]
david icke on the hillary, donald & bernie show
boom! pres trump rips media and critics: “i was not elected to please the washington media” [video]
trump’s response when told he should stop tweeting makes him sound like a whiny toddler
hillary clinton just took sean spicer and bill o’reilly to the woodshed, and it is beautiful
ivanka trump tweeted about religious tolerance and got her hypocritical a** handed to her
democrats and liberal media uncovered: ‘agreement’ between veteran reporter and dnc exposed
how obama is putting terrorist boots on the ground
nra had this to say after another school shooting took place in america
trevor noah and the daily show correspondents collapse with the giggles over this gop nightmare
foot-soldiers in obama’s war against cops arrested: plan to use rocket launcher thwarted
religion of progressivism: meet obama’s new transgender leader for faith-based neighborhood partnerships
breaking news: controversial alabama gop senate primary race winner announced
republicans are about to bailout a foreign company that screwed over 500k american consumers
trump spent the night retweeting a white supremacist convicted criminal
alabama abc affiliate can’t find one voter who believes roy moore wapo report [video]
israel will name new train station near western wall after president donald trump
dallas “attack” dialectics: summer of uncle sam
the 2016 presidential race: do our votes really matter?
wow! look who just knocked trump out of the #1 spot in gop poll
these banks are fighting the cycle of poverty in places the major banks won’t go
do you know someone who is afflicted with “the bern”?…great news…there is a cure! [video]
dem party official, chair of black caucus, bernie sanders supporter calls reactions to shooting of republican steve scalise, “so funny”…refuses to resign
portrait of hillary sets off security dogs…briefly shuts down art tent
breaking: martin ‘pharma bro’ shkreli has bail revoked, hauled to the slammer
trump lashes out at ceos, suggests he’ll replace them with ones who support his racism
top trump advisor admits trump is small minded and vindictive
american-made confederate flag factory sees a huge change in sales after charlottesville
trump furious after jon stewart mocks him for 5 minutes straight at veterans’ benefit
draft tim tebow effort ignites rumors he’ll run for office in florida
giggling racists praise trump for the growth of white nationalism in america
we’re officially at the ‘my wife is hotter than your wife’ part of the election
snowflake trump whines because the media and protesters won’t let him ‘enjoy’ being president
here’s what happened when black protesters did what the bundy terrorists are doing
protesters just trolled trump’s ‘deploraball’ so f*cking hard you have to see it to believe it
unreal! michelle obama gets $70 million for program to empower girls but not american girls
texas sheriff threatens to jail truck owner for anti-trump sticker
arrogant obama might want to scrub this video from the internet: “at least i will go down as a president” [video]
diamond & silk: liberals respect president trump or get out! [video]
fantastic! trump’s 7 point plan to reform healthcare begins with a bombshell!
trump just got wrecked by chelsea clinton over his dumbass slavery remarks (tweets/video)
breaking: wikileaks email release exposes two-faced hillary admitting she needs to have a private and public position on policy
washington post sloppy ‘journalism’ blames russia for “fake news” crisis and trump’s win, while pushing neo-mccarthyism
hillary clinton’s super detailed counterterrorism strategy…lol
breaking: ben carson makes surprising announcement after saying he would not serve on trump’s cabinet [video]
desperate a**hole jeb bush exploits image of terri schiavo to score points with far-right
popular youtube personality goes undercover with violent cowardly antifa terrorists…”antifa women are the dominant ones” [video]
family living ‘traditional lifestyle’ torn apart: police seize 10 homeschooled “off grid” children from their family
woman gatecrashes own funeral, to great surprise of husband who hired hitmen to kill her
this homeless veteran receives a gift from a child he’ll never forget
breaking: why is obama sending huge number of troops to germany? [video]
nikki reed destroys trump for insulting women in epic video
conservative leader sends stern message to mitt romney: go home and be quiet! [video]
[video] leftist cnn anchor tells racist us rep the #baltimoreriots are vets fault “they come back from war…and they’re ready to do battle”
entire high school follows kaepernicks lead in disrespecting the national anthem
bernie sanders pummels trump, gives him perfect nickname in the process
dick morris: how hillary hired “secret police” to threaten, smear bill’s rape, sexual assault victims [video]
trump advisor: “if election results are overturned we will be looking at a civil war” [video]
angry commentator threatens trump: “government’s gonna kill this guy” [video]
here’s the list of 25 governors who have told obama muslim refugees from syria are not welcome in their states
watch: trump blames puerto ricans for recovery effort problems while giving himself an a+
conservative writer calls black voters hillary’s ‘loyal slaves’ for not blindly supporting donald trump
‘not funny!’: sean spicer whines about snl after baldwin returns as trump
doj tells north carolina republicans that anti-lgbt law violates civil rights act
diamond and silk open up large can of whoop a$$ on maxine waters in painfully funny video: “when you come for donald trump, we’re coming for you!”
state workers given the day off and paid to be seat fillers at gore/cuomo climate change event
reince priebus mansplained hillary’s behavior during forum, and it’s repulsive
bill clinton reminds people of hillary’s long history of getting things done
benghazi bombshell: “secret” docs target what and when obama knew about planned benghazi attack
above the law: obama goes around congress (again) to place gag order on reporting about firearms
trump gets buried for whining that media doesn’t classify his foundation as a legit charity
women torch ivanka trump for celebrating equal pay day after her dad reverses equal pay protection
report: here’s why donald trump has no friends and has to ask co-workers to hang after work
busted! fox news reporter caught twisting poll numbers…called out by rnc chairman reince priebus! [video]
aziz ansari just told trump to ‘go f*ck himself’ as only he can
notorious rbg throws amazing shade at trump from scotus bench
here’s the latest reason conservatives are calling michelle obama a n*****
hey hillary…who are you going to blame for the 18 cities in pennsylvania with higher lead levels than flint?
black boston cop taunted by black woman: “you stupid a** black bitch. you’re suppose to be on our side”
fear mongering media: illegals cancel food stamps…fear arrest
stunning! former disney tech worker’s emotional testimony of humiliation in training foreign workers [video]
deja vu: hillary wants $275 billion for shovel-ready union jobs
cbs reporter describes racism at donald trump rallies
#trexit: swing state apocalypse…democrats leave party in massive numbers…hillary won’t recover
keiser report: the ‘gaddafi-like’ political career death of hillary clinton
benjamin netanyahu just snubbed obama again – and in the scummiest way possible
divisive obama gives thanksgiving address: “speak out for what is right” [video]
wow! americans are stunned when mom is caught on video encouraging young child to help gang of thugs destroy police car in st. louis
another trump official decides it’s a really good time to resign
great! trump responds to michelle obama’s claim that americans have lost hope since the election [video]
can we add dirty money ‘laundering’ to the obama $1.7 billion iran ransom payment?
patton oswalt dedicates ‘national poetry day’ to donald trump, and it’s perfect
more transparency: clinton’s refuse to release hillary’s health records
whoa! former democrat congresswoman reveals hillary’s criminal past [video]
trump goes ballistic following his ahca defeat: the real losers ‘are pelosi and schumer!’
‘angel’ moms of sons killed by illegals weigh in on rockville rape of 14-year old by illegals: “this poor child is scarred forever” [video]
new york times weasel behind alleged comey memo admits to lyin’ brian williams he never actually saw memo [video]
obama’s war on cops takes toll on black communities: young girl cries over #blacklivesmatter violence in her milwaukee neighborhood [video]
watch: joy behar and ‘the view’ pummel trump for being too closely tied to russia and putin
epa jails 185 americans for ‘environmental crimes’ but no one for massive epa toxic spill
one of the worst teams in the nfl will donate $500,000 to push for gun-control
destroyed in 10 seconds: tucker carlson exposes hypocrisy of liberal “mash” actor who’s asking electors to block trump from becoming president [video]
trump supporter disgustingly tells black people to ‘go back to africa’
seth meyers dubs oregon militia terrorist #tarpman in most hilarious mockery yet
trump wants flynn back, says special counsel “hurts our country terribly”
nfl nightmare continues…seahawks player caught on video taunting female officer during arrest: “are you scared of me?”…“i got a lot of f**king money you broke-ass n*ggas”
watch: donald trump is an imbecile who doesn’t understand how executive orders work
potential shift: trump warns israel, ‘new settlements may not help peace in middle east’
stunning photos emerge of west point graduate and infantry officer supporting kneeling for our national anthem and communism on social media
infinite arrogance: obama doesn’t think the supreme court should have taken up obamacare challenge
watch: trump bashes “face the nation” during interview on…face the nation
new york times columnist calls trump a ‘monster’ for cutting heating assistance in heartless budget
wow! child rape victim that hillary laughed about comes forward: “i can never forgive her” [video[
“chicken little” al gore uses fear and the bible to push his climate agenda [video]
(video) obama dances in kenya on the taxpayer’s dime…and the purpose for this near billion dollar trip is what?
detroit police forced to call out bomb squad to protect trump from hillary supporters offended by speech about bringing jobs back to blacks, faith
bernie sanders thanks obama for not endorsing a candidate…only hours later, obama endorses crooked hillary [video]
liberals have no business criticizing president trump until they can explain what former president obama is doing in this photo
irrational georgetown professor has month-long meltdown over fellow muslim professor who voted for trump: “f*ck you!” [video]
putin threatens to release 20,000 “top secret” emails from hillary…why judge napolitano says this is very bad news for hillary [video]
not news: 7 dead…35 wounded in obama’s hometown in 2 days…watch: black chicago residents blame barack obama [video]
watch: joe biden just took trump to the woodshed for acting like a petulant child
chrissy teigan shoving trump’s words back in his face is the best thing you’ll see today
#dnc gives anti-hillary dems free speech cage outside convention [video]
‘just stop’: megyn kelly gets dragged around the internet for saying putin is a swell guy
hypocrisy: paul ryan sends his kids to private school that screens out muslims, but demands we welcome hundreds of thousands of muslims to america
un official tied to clintons set to face trial, found with throat crushed by barbell…un claims heart attack is cause of death
obama’s go big: post white house mansion details
breaking: condi rice meets with mike pence in trump’s d.c. transition office
judge napolitano agrees with trump: ag sessions shouldn’t have recused himself [video]
forget about russia…here’s what’s really affecting our elections: pro-hillary detroit city clerk…hired illiterate poll workers and more
north carolina’s religious freedom law is about to cost the state billions
ann coulter: trump doesn’t need gop’s support – ‘he is the party’
flashback to time when abc news’ #lyinbrianross tried to tie aurora, co mass shooter to tea party [video]
[video] what jerry seinfeld has to say about overly pc college kids will make the left crazy
“entitled” dem rep. sheila jackson lee has been taking advantage of her “public servant” status on airplanes for decades: “don’t you know who i am?…where is my seafood meal?”
trump whines because democrats are blocking his cabinet nominees, gets informed that karma is a b*tch
stephen king compares trump to cthulhu, an offended cthulhu hilariously responds
clinton charities raked in taxpayer dollars in the millions
[video] montel williams brought to tears over treatment of us marine jailed in iran #freeamirnow
breaking: trump just made a huge announcement…proving he’s the only candidate who truly believes #blacklivesmatter
sex objects for hillary…jennifer lopez shakes a*s on stage in thong for crooked hillary…you can’t make this stuff up! [video]
trump gets annihilated on immigration at gop debate in must-see video
whoa! black woman fed up with black racists nails it: “many black people voted for barack obama simply because he was black…and now your black god has failed you!” [video]
breaking: worldstar hip hop site releases rap video…blames “hypocrite” hillary for not acknowledging bill clinton’s black son…doesn’t care about blacks [video]
trump praises coast guard’s hurricane relief for all the wrong reasons, what he said is awful
michigan senate approves bill to allow concealed carry in “gun free zones” or “mass murderer empowerment zones”
dominican newspaper trolls trump by using a photo of alec baldwin
sarah palin and other conservatives fly into a panic after seeing un vehicles on the road
hillary on disabled children during easter egg hunt: “when are they going to get those f*****g ree-tards out of here?”
tomi lahren: “after 8 years…we were part of a different march…we marched into the voting booth to vote for trump!” [video]
steve bannon calls out globalist george w. bush for slam against trump: ‘just embarrassed himself’ [video]
kellyanne conway immediately regrets defending trump, humiliates herself on live television
nsa chief on trump’s russia/us cybersecurity unit plan: that’s a terrible idea
trump was right! audit reveals state dept. cybersecurity deteriorated under clinton
boiler room – ep #48 – agenda 2030 and beyond with branko malić, patrick henningsen & mike robinson
black caucus member from impoverished detroit district who’s leading effort to impeach president trump…caught paying off sex assault victims with taxpayer money
watch karma in action: cnn gets hit with tear gas while defending violent alt-left protesters at az trump rally
hillary absolutely skewers rubio’s anti-choice bullsh*t, calling him ‘pathetic’
male pakistani immigrant dresses as woman in burqa…lures 11 yr old boy from mosque…rapes, strangles him to death
this one creepy tweet from hillary should have parents saying: “hands off my kids!”
new accusation against bernie sanders exposes him as “the other” criminal democrat
president obama tells audience why americans deserve trump and republicans
unbelievable photos show how the media is hiding the biggest story of our time: the rise of the violent, anti-american democrat party
debbie wasserman schultz booed off stage at philly breakfast
here’s your handy list of lies lying liar mike pence told during the vp debate
inside trump’s charity ball tonight at beautiful mar-a-lago…protests outside [video]
“dear mr. trump”…nbc uses kids to make stunning anti-trump propaganda video…prepare to be shocked!
president trump fires acting attorney general, sally yates
internet trolls zimmerman, top bid of $65 million from ‘racist mcshootface’ derails gun auction
brother of seth rich works for cyber security firm…reportedly blocked family’s private investigator from determining if seth was wikileaks source…refused to let investigator see seth’s computer: “i already checked it…don’t worry about it”
watch hillary clinton bark like a dog during speech [video]
george soros will dump $500 million into obama’s plan to flood america with muslim refugees vetted by un
was gaddafi right about jfk?
parents jailed and kids taken away for 90 minute delay in getting home to 11-year old
commie george soros and clinton lawyer make a push to overturn voter id laws in several states
trump tells china to keep our navy drone and gets pounded for being so unstable
burn! anti-hillary and stephanopoulos street art pops up near abc headquarters
head of the kkk loves trump for stirring up racial anger
whoa! “canada’s donald trump,” billionaire and shark tank host kevin o’leary announces run against “canada’s barack obama” [video]
shocking taxpayer tab for obama’s golf trips and fundraisers in february and march 2015
watch: leftist dem senator chuck schumer caught on hot mic bragging about relationship with trump: “he likes us…he likes me anyway!”
breaking: russia backfires! clinton campaign and dnc busted in huge discovery on fake salacious trump dossier
(video) yes! cong. chaffetz announces support for cong. trey gowdy for speaker!
ben carson praises time trump compared him to child molester: ‘you have to admit’ it worked
‘beyonce, jay z, hillary clinton – you don’t represent all blacks, women’
sam bee dismantles the media for letting trump be the raging liar he absolutely is
pedophile pigs send teenage migrant boys to surgery after out-of-control rape in refugee camps [video]
iraq war veteran takes cowardly republicans to the woodshed for being nra puppets
king obama plans to finish term traveling around the world
super bowl champ player busts into wh press briefing: “need any help?”…liberal snowflakes have a meltdown! [video]
lord’s prayer ad banned…one month later muslims get “praise allah” signs approved
list of 24 republicans who voted “yes” to keep obama’s taxpayer-funded sex-change surgeries in place for transgenders in military
racist jerk takes his hate to national black history museum in the most vile way possible
obama takes a trip to indonesia and masterfully trolls trump and birthers
busted: melania trump wanted to use her role as first lady to personally profit
ny gov. cuomo directly threatens businesses: ‘if you boycott israel, new york will boycott you’
cowardly black bloc thug dane powell pleads guilty…faces 6 yrs in prison for rioting, assaulting police during trump’s inauguration [video]
king obama asks taxpayers to increase his post-presidency pay
person majority of americans voted for shreds incompetent fool over syria actions
cbs reporter assaulted by cops at cancelled uic trump rally
spicer quickly orders press briefing to be off camera after trump’s indefensible morning meltdown
founder of bush institute endorses hillary clinton – even he’s with her now
watch! fox news on high anti-trump propaganda mission: obama/clinton stooge masquerades as unbiased pundit [video]
racists explode over old navy ad, the internet perfectly responds
hysterical: trump warns “sleepy eyes” chuck todd to stop with the fake news: “a total scam!”
sunnistan: us and allied ‘safe zone’ plan to take territorial booty in northern syria
michelle obama opens a can of whoop a** on trump without ever mentioning his name
national park service officials hilariously troll trump over silencing government agencies
hey, bernie sanders: 18 school shootings have not happened this year!
two new jersey moms attacked by community for exposing islamic indoctrination in middle school…thomas more law center steps up to defend them [video]
check out the name! food stamp fraud of over $5.7 million from one store!
andrea mitchell stammers recalling bill clinton’s ‘faulty’ testimony in paula jones deposition [video]
house votes to beef up our “gun grabber in chief’s” security
why was this young man sponsored by cair invited to the white house
russian investigation landing very close to trump; jared kushner now ‘person of interest’
rick perry is mocked over nukes by secretary whose job he thought he was getting
watch: the infamous dictator who also said ‘make america great’
george takei nails republican hypocrisy on trump’s conflicts of interest with a single fact
trump’s historic speech: 4 words that will cause trump to win landslide election [video]
classless obama continues to shamelessly shadow trump: ‘we have a temporary lack of american leadership’
how trump is accelerating the decline of us global influence
supreme court gives a big ‘f you’ to gop, rejects racist gerrymandering
watch: trump supporter says women shouldn’t be allowed to be leaders
republican senator chokes, mocks trump in brutal response to health care failure
ten things we’ve learned from hurricane harvey and the texas flood 2017: ‘race doesn’t divide us, the media divides us’
drug-dealing pedophile rep’s client list implicates nh elected officials
lady gaga blames president trump and paul ryan for #lasvegas shootings…tweets congress has “blood on the hands”
media spin alert! fbi does a “predawn raid” on paul manafort? not hillary, rice, lynch or powers?
wow! sheriff joe arpaio considering running against this unpopular arizona senator
what neighbor said about muslim man id’d as london terrorist speaks volumes about the danger of “islamic non-assimilation” [video]
the alicia machado ‘sex tape’ trump just tried to shame hillary over doesn’t even exist
breaking: federal judge stops obamacare transgender, abortion related protections
website and twitter page of dc group leaking soros documents is taken down…censorship alive and well in obama’s america
belgian mayor is threatened by islamists: convert to islam or die
trump’s stupid ‘voter fraud’ witch hunt just ‘busted’ one of his own top minions
robert deniro axes anti-vaxxer movie from tribeca film festival
british actress nails it: do you think isis cares about “pathetic hashtags, prayers or candles”?…”stop waiting to be slaughtered and demand our leaders do something!” [video]
sarah huckabee sanders calls out fake news…reporter yells…she shoots back cool as a cucumber [video]
barack obama eviscerates trump after trump gets blocked from twitter
snowden laughs-off cia excuse of ‘mistakenly destroying’ secret torture report
what will rick snyder tell congress about poisoning the water of flint’s black children?
what trump just said about the lgbt community will make conservatives go crazy
beyond mission creep: u.s. planning to send 1,000 more ground troops into syria
social security relies on “self reporting” on disability benefits – the decades and dollars of waste is shocking!
mike pence breaks silence, responds to being ‘misled’ by trump team and flynn
new black panther leader: trump is right…asks blacks to “re-examine the relationship” with democrat party…”democrats pimp us [blacks] like prostitutes” [video]
hillary clinton’s voodoo doll obsession revealed: ‘stick them full of pins’
if your trump-supporting family tries to talk politics with you today, just remember this one little fact
left wing hack george stephanopoulos picks a fight with trump…guess who comes out on top [video]
trump moves ahead with ‘the wall’ between us and mexico
president trump just gave a huge gift to #hurricaneharvey relief…walking the walk!
very suspicious smoke is billowing out of closing russian consulate
swedish citizens get disturbing news about likely punishment for asylum seekers who live-streamed rape of swedish girl on facebook
white tv anchor proves systemic media racism with one incredibly stupid remark
obamacare vs trumpcare meme destroys gop’s health care replacement fail
liberal nightmare! hundreds of voters withdraw registrations as states comply with trump’s voter fraud commission [video]
incoming freshmen are put on notice with welcome letter from u of chicago dean of students…”trigger warning” crybabies stay home
man storms pizza joint with a gun after fake news story said clinton runs a child sex ring
live from new york, it’s donald trump: snl and trump defy protests to go on with a “yuge” show [video]
steelers player gives surprise statement on anthem before sunday’s game
ted cruz: i’m ‘honored’ by support of this demon-obsessed exorcist preacher
maxine waters: ‘these people trying to ‘discredit’ me [video]
republicans will never watch arrogant jimmy kimmel again after what he just said about them
diamond and silk go off on michelle obama for saying we lost hope [video]
hillary blasts anti-woman, anti-immigrant republicans in glorious #gopdebate live tweets
anti-porn gop florida lawmaker was just caught porning on twitter
watch: media critic destroys cnn for hiring trump’s campaign manager
bette midler asks obama to release violent black panthers from prison…gets hammered on social media
he’s coming back: obama returning to dc to lead the fight against donald trump, and conservatives are terrified
breaking bombshell: all dem congressmen phone numbers and e-mails hacked…pelosi pc hacked
lol! leftist ca congresswoman on tonight’s debate: debate moderator needs to help hillary…media isn’t doing enough for her [video]
fox news correspondent arrested for rape and forcible sodomy
sean hannity takes off the gloves after “hillary supporter” megyn kelly makes on-air crack about him [video]
liberal lunatic chris matthews scolded by piers morgan for trashing trump family [video]
black friday special: computer keyboard for loony radical leftists
bloody 4th of july weekend update: obama’s hometown of chicago…64 shot, 6 killed, including 39 yr old father, 3 and 10 yr old daughters…black reverend cautions those who blame guns or cops
ted cruz: ‘we are one justice away’ from stopping every gop assault on human rights
cnn contributor: trump’s diversity coalition ‘mediocre negroes’ ‘dragged in’ ‘as a photo-op’ [video]
obama’s open border policy comes with serious national security consequences: iraqi military trainer caught crossing us-mexico border
cnn guests get into insane fight over trump’s black outreach: ‘you’re supporting a bigot!’
shocking photos raise questions on hillary’s health
scaramucci on wh leaks: “if you’re going to keep leaking, i’m going to fire everybody.” [video]
what? democrat congresswoman calls violent riots at berkeley a “beautiful thing” [video]
epic backfire: the left makes video warning followers about possible cruz victory…ends up looking like cruz promo
just in: flynn to plead guilty to lying to the fbi
chris wallace scolds fox news colleagues for not covering comey firing seriously
republicans don’t need a single democrat to fund trump’s border wall…so what’s the holdup?
sharpton shakes down pastors for donations at memorial for black youths: black pastor calls sharpton a “pimp”
wow! is meghan mccain finished with the hateful hags of “the view” after today’s blow up with joy behar? [video]
how president trump can remove congress from their obamacare exemption [video]
hero church member with ccl stops sudanese shooter who stormed church in tennessee kills and injures churchgoers
hillary clinton street art appears in los angeles before fundraisers
oops! trump obsessed john mccain exposed by wikileaks begging for campaign donations from russia
media goes crazy over hillary wishing she would have told trump: “back up creep!” for standing too close during debates…remained silent when actual creeps preyed on any female within arms reach
“good-bye sweden”: how muslim violence…porous borders and horrible health care drove swedish blogger to u.s.a.
watch: even cnn admits tax bill that “not one democrat voted for” gives working families “damn good money”
trump hits back after cowgirl congresswoman trashes him over words said to grieving widow
freedom watch: “it’s now clear that fbi director comey was not honest with the committee”…”all those people on the left have just eaten a lot of crow” [video]
obama’s defense deputy accidentally admits obama white house spied on candidate trump during msnbc interview…but wait…there’s even more to this story! [video]
watch: war veteran john mccain destroys draft-dodger trump’s anthem protest whining
breaking hidden video exposes racist dems comparing black republicans to jews who helped nazis [video]
communist students threaten “students for trump” event [video] how much longer will americans allow violent left to shut down free speech?
which one of these people tried to lecture the other on the constitution….guesses? [video]
someone just turned the lights off on donald trump
ben carson home vandalized with anti-trump graffiti, cnn accuses him of lying
secret service protects obama’s daughters while these illegal alien pedophiles threaten our children
the deep state speaks: clapper and brennan threaten trump during aspen institute’s lefty gaggle [video]
clinton wins big in new york democratic primary (image/video)
neil degrasse tyson schools rapper b.o.b over flat earth conspiracy
breaking news: trump admin announces “massive tax cut” for businesses and massive tax reform [video]
carly fiorina ambushes preschoolers on field trip to prove point about abortion
fbi actually did bug trump towers while obama was president
boiler room ep #110 – a deeper game: masters of chaos strike again
trump tweets ‘we must keep evil out of our country’ so americans tell him to get the hell out
government santa candidate gets another huge endorsement… just in time for christmas
list of 18 mayors in us cities who have asked obama for more refugees
“how can we get behind such corruption?” cnn panel shocked by truth from black patriot after they tried to tell him he’s wrong about the racist dnc [video]
why let the atheists run all over you? city removes bench honoring veterans
leftist hate on steroids: donald trump tombstone appears in nyc
unhinged mika called president trump “not well, ignorant, stupid, mentally ill and a narcissist in one minute! [video]
‘hundreds’ donated to planned parenthood in right-wing pastor’s name and it’s driving him insane
watch: gop leader won’t call trump’s attack on latino judge racist
actors quit “ferguson” play days before opening because they want media’s bogus “hands up don’t shoot” version to replace actual court transcripts
stunning disregard for law: 11 ca counties have more registered voters than voting age citizens…look who they voted for in last election
whoa! ‘sesame street’ using bert and ernie for sexually transmitted diseases ad
clinton’s epic labor day cough attack: hillary coughs up a lung during speech and on campaign plane [video]
this female u.s. senator just said what we’re all thinking about trump, and it’s perfect
racist obama bashes whitey as the “old boys network”…”give women and minorities a chance” [video]
sheriff david clarke picked for key position in trump administration..aren’t we lucky!
breaking: obama-appointed judge orders vote recount to begin at noon on monday
trump supporter compares opposing israeli settlements to holocaust, gets owned by auschwitz museum
laura ingraham’s brilliant idea on how to shake up liberal college campuses [video]
norway’s tough immigration minister blasts sweden, warns refugees: “if you are an economic migrant” or an “illegal immigrant” you’ll be sent home
obama undermines america…plans to slash nuclear stockpiles…again
hillary is furious over email hacks…openly threatens war with russia…media is silent [video]
ted cruz used #sciencefacts hashtag and instantly became laughingstock of scientific community
lawyer for fbi informant knows of russian bribery and info ‘that involves the clintons’ [video]
boycott! pro-gun control seth (racist) rogen, star of newly released “steve jobs” movie sends vulgar tweet: “f*ck you ben carson”
trump gets hilariously owned for whining about losing the popular vote again
hillary rodham nixon: a candidate with more baggage than a samsonite factory
lol! sarah palin has epic response when msnbc reporter asks if she’s ever been sexually assaulted
death and taxes: over half of prince’s estate will go to the government!
island full of establishment millionaires wants to stop trump…will they succeed?
watch: the media gives mi’s gov. rick snyder the tongue lashing he deserves
wth! feds still bringing in thousands of illegals [video]
bill o’reilly asks trump “racist” question that has many outraged…was bill out-of-bounds this time? [video]
beloved nba coach openly calls trump a dangerous liar
president and first lady arrive in texas: serve food, hand out coloring books: ‘we are with you’ [video]
trump visits hurricane irma survivors…one survivor has a hysterical question to ask [video]
two illegal aliens to become first appointed city commissioners: hope to create more opportunities for illegals
jimmy kimmel: republicans ‘should be praying for god to forgive them’ for las vegas massacre
bonkers bernie sanders: prioritizing jobs over climate change is ‘stupid and dangerous’ [video]
is north korea’s kim jong-un considering using 70-year old biplanes to go undetected by modern radar?
watch: republican lawmaker gets relentlessly booed and heckled for obamacare repeal vote
tucker carlson tells liberal guest: national endowment for the arts is in effect ‘welfare for rich, liberal elites’ [video]
feel good story of the day: [video] how christian owners of memories pizza will spend the $842k in donations they received after death threats from the left shut them down
retired cop pens gut-wrenching viral letter to 49er’s qb colin kaepernick…this is a must read!
florida sheriff exploits desperate hurricane victims, will arrest anyone with a warrant seeking shelter
florida mother allows baby to be bitten by snake…then laughs in sick viral video
watch: cop caught on video saying blacks have ‘violent tendencies’
elizabeth warren hilariously continues battle with trump, roasts reputation with women
oops: one of trump’s proposed scotus nominees spent the last year calling trump a moron
smart cities, androids, technocracy, kevin spacey, corey feldman: boiler room ep #134
‘journalistic malpractice’: cnn slammed for ‘biased’ coverage in favour of hillary
trump just demanded the new york times apologize for exposing treason; it didn’t go well for him
even as trump rips their country on twitter, mexico offers help with hurricane harvey
jeb! bush has discovered the secret to what america really wants in a president…and it’s something you never expected
community agitator in chief warns republicans: “we don’t need inflammatory rhetoric”
trump says as president he’ll actively sue any media outlet that ‘negatively’ reports on him
breaking: trump is now directly threatening electors who don’t vote for him
author of children’s books gets destroyed on social media after mocking 11-yr old barron trump’s reaction to beheaded dad image
goodbye hillary? here comes dumb and dumber
pathetic: saturday night live jokes make donald trump throw a huge temper tantrum
‘no chance he’s going to win’: operative who elected bush tells all on trump
syria: washington’s boots and missile systems on the ground to defend isis and associated proxies
senator feinstein attacks fed judge nominee’s faith: ‘the dogma lives deep within you’ [video]
george soros board member is chairman of firm running voting for utah’s caucus on tuesday
5-star mooch and free-loading granny drop in for lunch in new york on the taxpayer’s dime…
breaking: it’s “independence day!”…historic uk brexit vote…uk to leave eu globalist elite
fake news week: exposing the mainstream consensus reality complex
oops: ammosexual playing with gun during benghazi movie shoots woman
top 10 tweets from democrat debate
you’ll never guess which conservative blowhard compared trump to hitler
trump has quiet black students removed from rally at school that was segregated
no kidding! here’s why hillary supporters will get us all killed [video]
#nevertrump gop rep.: ‘not one character trait in trump i’d want my son to emulate’
trump delivers bizarre theory about fire marshal trying to keep his rally safe
breaking: state department asked fbi to switch clinton ‘classified’ email to ‘unclassified’ for ‘quid pro quo’…intent!
boiler room – #unitetheright coverage with hesher, andy nowicki, patrick henningsen, funks0ul & randy j
breaking: “al jazeera america” shuts down
hawk or not? is trump expanding the wars?
watters’ world: “do you have obamacare?”…”how does it work?” [video]
watch: christian right founder condemns them for supporting nazis and sexual misconduct
ca fire update: jesus fabian gonzalez arrested for suspicion of arson in sanctuary county after he’s caught walking away from fire with lighter in pocket
gop rep. to struggling mom: get a job if you need medicine for your kids
nails it! this list describes perfectly the damage the democrats have done to america
why 5 of the wealthiest muslim nations refuse to take a single refugee
this is how far the left will go to protect hillary clinton…sick!
london’s new muslim mayor has some very choice words for donald trump
trump’s response to uss john s. mccain collision was just heartless
nbc puts viewers out of their misery…cancels disastrous megyn kelly show
only 5.7% of clinton foundation donations went to charity [video]
flynn’s out: is ‘the new détente’ really dead – or can russia still benefit?
if you think hillary and trump are both bad candidates, seth meyers clears up that bullsh*t idea
when asked what his favorite bible lesson is, trump settles on the one with facial mutilation
shocker: washington post publishes oped critical of pro-israel law which shuts down bds
raw video: a shocking tour of the detroit ghetto…ruled by democrats for decades! [video]
rudy giuliani just blew hillary’s phony “khantroversy” wide open…a rant the clinton camp won’t want americans to see [video]
trump’s own scotus nominee just threw him under the bus over his stupid tweets
trump got another totally real letter from a not fake kid who loves him and no one’s buying it
liberal lunacy in action: watch this dirty democrat pull a bait and switch on illegal alien border law
only hours after death of supreme court justice scalia, democrats demand obama chooses his replacement
trump just added assassination to his list of presidential promises
stunner: donald trump is next president of united states
donald trump gets humiliated in the most epic way by a muslim u.s. marine
michael savage:”black lives matter are obama’s shock troops, like hitler’s brown shirts”[video]…flashback video: obama’s troops 2008
respected forensic pathologist suggests trump and putin might actually be poisoning hillary
cruz & kasich quit: trump crushes elite establishment, #dropouthillary now trending
trump kicks pro-amnesty, globalist koch brother and “author” friend off his west palm beach golf course
trump is bragging about his approval rating, but there’s just one tiny problem
while we’re debating cruz vs trump: listen to what gop elites have in store for us [video]
guess where the baltimore school system ranks among the nation’s 100 largest school districts?
pelosi tweets to california republicans: ‘you don’t belong here’…is immediately destroyed on twitter
major donations to clinton foundation from country who tortures dissidents and provided lavish digs for bill and chelsea during cgi conference
boom! math shows trump would have beaten obama in romney-obama election
panic! reuters/ipsos will radically change way they poll after trump takes commanding 17 point lead over hillary
hollyweird lib susan sarandon compares muslim refugees to jesus’ family
anti-trump protestors prove they have no basis for their hateful claims against “the donald” [video]
obama lies to french reporter, america “one of largest muslim countries in the world” [video]
sunday screening: ‘the war on democracy’ (2007)
watch: trump fan assaults muslim woman, calls her a terrorist
ben carson just called slaves ‘immigrants’ as part of anti-immigrant speech
with just two words, gop congressman admits he doesn’t answer to his constituents
flashback: bernie sanders’ socialist democrat party asks, “why not peace with hitler?” [video]
oops! hecklers force hillary off stage in la after only one minute [video]
(video) un climate change freaks: “we should make every effort to decrease the world population”
here are the five state department rules that hillary violated [video]
pennsylvania republican makes dumbest claim yet about cause of climate change
“peaceful” muslims scream: “this is for allah” after driving van 50 mph pedestrians…3 armed terrorists on run in gun-free london…britain’s pm calls it “potential act of terror” [video]
you really don’t want to miss ana navarro pummel trump’s chief racism apologist
swanky nyc hotel turns away navy officer for wearing uniform [video]
watch chuck schumer fake cry over muslim policy…don’t forget he voted to bomb libya killing thousands of muslims [video]
germany’s angela merkel makes incredibly naive announcement: every migrant must leave…after this one condition is met…
okcupid wins the internet with perfect response to the charlottesville neo-nazi on their site
was megyn kelly hiding the real reason behind the sudden announcement of her extended vacation? [video]
dozens of gop foreign policy experts pledge to stop trump from winning nomination
oops! black security guard won’t allow white dude wearing black lives matter t-shirt into hillary event [video]
watch joe scarborough frantically backtrack after donald trump outs him as a supporter
mike pence’s new dc neighbors are hilariously trolling him for being a homophobic bigot
proud moment for america: president trump signs bill giving veterans access to private health care…another promise kept [video]
100% fed up! with hillary 2016? we’ve got the awesome answer and reasons #whyimnotvotingforhillary
the obamas honor illegal students and teachers at a white house celebration
donald trump wants to jail all americans who refuse to spy on neighbors
are the anti-trump protests becoming the new “ferguson” for illegals and democrats? [video]
maxine waters uses fake term “kremlin klan”…struggles to name “klan” members [video]
sean hannity is a deranged maniac who pulled a gun on a coworker
nancy pelosi screws up the oath of office while lecturing reporters on the seriousness of her job [video]
war hawk, anti-trumper rinos join dems to investigate russian influence in election…trump says russian interference claim is “ridiculous”[video]
muhammad ali jr. detained again at airport right after testifying about first detention
condoleezza rice brilliantly shuts down “the view” dingbats over trump-russia collusion [video]
white house goes rogue: obama approves global warming treaty without congress!…what about the constitution? [video]
van jones explains why rachel maddow’s “don’t actually gotcha” moment turned into “a good night for donald trump” [video]
trump mic drop moment from 60 minutes interview: “i’m very good at this, it’s called construction”
land grab alert: texas rancher could lose 600 acres to feds [video]
breaking news: nfl reporter says colin kaepernick will stand for national anthem if nfl team will give him a job
radical interim missou prez exposed as political activist…forced out predecessor…video shows coordination with rich black starving student
petty faa rebukes trump
mic drop: watch neil degrasse tyson shred flat earth rapper b.o.b on the nightly show
guess who’s behind sickening ad showing boy being bullied because his dad didn’t vote [video]
twitter kicks trump in the throat after he attacks meryl streep in lie-filled rant
white high-schoolers break the internet with this truly racist yearbook photo
meet the girl republicans are trying like hell to kill
undocumented immigrant dares trump to release his taxes after proving she pays hers
wow! trump reveals embarrassing story about anti-trump msnbc hacks “crazy mika” and “psycho joe” [video]
sanders blasts misogynist ‘bernie bro’ fans: ‘i don’t want that crap, i don’t want them’
here are five lgbtq protections trump will have a very hard time reversing
digital tyranny: google and facebook’s automated censorship program
scalia found dead with ‘pillow over head’ by millionaire democrat donor…no autopsy…possible ways scalia could have been killed
breitbart star just lost his precious book deal after horrifying suggestion that child abuse is okay
today: list of u.s. cities where “day of rage” is reportedly planned…scott air force base posts warning
sheriff clarke rips into hillary for pandering to gangs…how low can you go? [video]
report: trump in panic mode, doesn’t want to be president anymore
wow! new evidence shows event that sparked mizzou racism controversy likely never happened
trump plans to celebrate 100th day on office with another yuuge rally no one will show up for
witch hunt: communist california raids home of man behind planned parenthood baby parts videos
hillary uses fake accent in “victory” speech to attack police…wants to “build on record and accomplishments of president obama”
mike pence: trump is probably going to torture people
mitch mcconnell slams his own scotus-obstructing ways in ‘kentucky law journal’
u2’s bono has brutal words for donald trump
gut wrenching: obama meets with rappers to discuss criminal justice reform…doublespeak for pardoning criminals, investigating cops
report: trump’s modeling agency is a cover for human trafficking
awesome! college prof calls cops on conservatives but didn’t expect this! [video]
hillary clinton tries to fire up the minority vote with lies about ‘voter suppression’
“difficult” chelsea clinton causes high turnover at clinton foundation
no ex-president in 100 yrs has set up a shadow government…gone to such lengths to undermine his successor [video]
wait until you see the insane tweet the official gop twitter account just sent out
wow! trump crowd in michigan is huge…bill clinton’s crowd not so big [photos]
flashback memorial day 2016: donald trump speech with rolling thunder: “we’re gonna knock the h*ll out of isis!” [video]
all kidding aside…did hillary just have a seizure in middle of q & a with journalists? you be the judge… [video]
liberal dummy gary johnson can’t name one foreign leader [video]
anti-trump communications specialist for un arrested in nyc for robbing banks during lunch
snowden laughs-off cia excuse of ‘mistakenly destroying’ secret torture report
non-american, wife of us citizen arrested in texas after voting 5 times!
trump humiliates chris christie, appoints him as his personal food delivery boy
how in the world can a black muslim judge be sworn in using a koran? [video]
detroit reverend blasts trump’s ‘scam’ he just tried to pull on voters
most unwanted man in the world: argentinians don’t want obama in their country…americans would like him to stay there
watch: alec baldwin teaching a young fan how to impersonate trump is the best thing ever
trump tried to give $100k bribe to vets to be ‘props’ at his rally – they told him to screw himself
wow! fans break nfl jersey sales record for 3-time afghan war vet who bravely stood alone for national anthem…now he claims “standing by myself” was “mistake”
ted cruz about to reintroduce failed pro-hate bill; trump likely to sign it
toronto imam wants muslims to only do business with muslims, work together to implement sharia law
wow! leftist bully rosie o’donnell pushes horrible rumor on social media…suggests barron trump has mental disorder [video]
is ivanka trying to convince her father to break one of his key campaign promises?
watch: leftist dem senator chuck schumer caught on hot mic bragging about relationship with trump: “he likes us…he likes me anyway!”
(video) obama throws america under the bus…again
stolen valor: gop senator disgracefully lies, makes up military service
how obama is putting terrorist boots on the ground
watch michelle obama take one last walk through the house she was forced to wake up in every morning, knowing it was “built by slaves”
president obama arrives in cuba
trump quickly backtracks after threatening to deploy troops on u.s. soil
checkmate! president trump just made a huge announcement about the white house correspondents’ dinner
democrat senator warns mueller not to release findings on russia before 2018 midterms
cnn host tells senate republican to do his damn job
hollywood hunk weighs in: should hillary be in the white house or the big house? [video]
dc imam: “zionists brought trump, like hitler, to power; we have to rescue the dumb americans” [video]
breaking: biden won’t run…is it because biden and obama can’t risk repercussions of exposing hillary? [video]
breaking: republican senate hopeful speaks his mind, says putin is right, america is evil
germany kicking residents out to make way for refugees: nurse shocked after being kicked out of same flat for 16 years
black man claims he was kicked out of swanky la gym because he supports president trump…watch jesse peterson tell his incredible story
during russia meeting trump explicitly bragged he fired comey to kill ‘pressure’ of investigation
bernie sanders just told republicans and billionaires to f*** off in the best possible way
uncle of benghazi victim sean smith: “hillary clinton is a serial liar”
disney owned abc show “scandal” shows actress having abortion while “silent night” plays and narrator says: “family doesn’t complete you…it destroys you” [video] update: ‘scandal’ producer sits on planned parenthood board
identity of hillary’s mystery “handler” is finally revealed [video]
trump ‘fixes’ his muslim ban, somehow makes it even worse
internet erupts in mockery after sarah palin posts something monumentally stupid again
wow! atlanta gym owner bans cops…makes ‘no apologies’ for policy or sign
boiler room – examination, exclamation, excitation, expatriation – ep #42
wow! soon-to-be former gop congressman jason chaffetz has surprising new job
how tyson foods is destroying small towns…forcing taxpayers to pick up housing, healthcare costs for muslim refugees
shock poll in must win state of florida: hispanics turn backs on crooked hillary
national border patrol union gives first time ever endorsement: “you can judge a man by his opponents”
meet the leftist assistant professor who made up bogus list of “fake” conservative websites that went viral
wow! whistleblower tells chilling story of massive voter fraud: trump campaign readies lawsuit against fl sec of elections in critical district [video]
a florida pizza hut to irma-fleeing employees: you will be disciplined if you leave
ouch! bush “bestie” goes against gop elites…endorses trump [video]
why are google and facebook attending bilderberg’s 2015 luxury secret policy conference?
trump official gets asked a simple question about global warming. her response is unbelievable.
whoa! 8 actual quotes from hillary that prove she’s unfit to clean the bathrooms in our white house [video]
size of crowds trump is drawing vs hillary proves she’s toast [video]
clinton campaign announces bad news for trump, will participate in recount
former us labor secretary has dire warning: trump is trying to start a civil war
watch: delusional trump campaign manager makes craziest claim yet to deny trump is losing
watch: tsa’s pat-down at dallas airport leaves mother enraged: “we have been through hell this morning” [video]
bernie sanders just opened up about something that will make conservatives’ heads explode
exasperated anderson cooper tells trump supporter what we’ve all been thinking
is obama using the refugee resettlement of muslims to give isis world domination?
(don’t hold the press) jeb bush endorses ted cruz for president
does cnn really have a ‘cosmopolitan bias’?
an obama “low level offender” gets early release from prison: brutally murders woman, slits throats of 7, 10 yr old daughters
“refugee dress” sold online forced to change name after social media goes ballistic
arizona gop speaker invokes 911 to ban press from house floor in retaliation for negative story
gop operative connected to trump’s ousted top adviser tried obtaining russian-hacked clinton emails
sunday screening: cia secret experiments (2008)
‘satanic giants built stonehenge’ is now a thing with creationists
donald trump refused to answer this clever question about abortion
all aboard the sharia law train: germany announces they will now have female only sections
which is it? did susan rice lie to andrea mitchell or judy woodruff two weeks ago? [video]
ep #8: patrick henningsen live with guest shawn helton – ‘2017 predictions & trends’
boom! companies that openly criticized trump for “making america safe again” take stock market hit
watch: ca governor gives scathing speech that openly defies trump on a major issue
wow! washed up liberal cher uses tweet about france terror attack to remind followers she once won an award there
cnn guest smacks down trump supporter for racist gun violence comments
mockingbird mirror: declassified docs depict deeper link between the cia and american media
race baiting liberals will hate trump’s choice to lead domestic transition team
syria ceasefire? lavrov, kerry agree to fight al-nusra, no strikes on ‘rebels,’ aleppo relief
arizona republican’s vote against airplane seat comfort hilariously bites him in the ass
donald trump sports new hairdo in son’s instagram pic, and it’s pretty startling
why americans should care that facebook’s ceo is threatening users against muslim refugee “hate speech”
trump marks d-day anniversary by bragging about himself, attacking the media, and insulting an ally
top scotus insider knows the ‘most likely’ choice to replace scalia
dems furious after rosenstein briefing
trump’s border wall sh*t just got real – texans receive notices to sell or have their land taken
what is the deep state?
watch: jake tapper crushes trump cheerleader for hypocrisy on sexual assault accusations
mueller’s fbi raid of paul manafort and wife proves special council’s agents playing too rough
republicans begin requiring doctors lie to patients about existence of ‘abortion reversal’ pill
critically wounded gop rep. steve scalise stood by trump when others deserted him…recently made adorable birthday video message with trump for his daughter [video]
choking on her lies? hillary clinton has coughing fit during speech at alma mater [video]
lol! the boston globe gets destroyed on social media after publishing article criticizing mitt romney for waterskiing during health care vote
unreal! obama blames syrian civil war on climate change…mocks those who wear flag pins [video]
goodbye, london! here’s the lowdown on the muslim mayor who calls moderate muslims “uncle toms” [video]
republicans are trying to legislate how we grieve
missouri gop throws away $8.3 million to block planned parenthood from getting $400k
bombshell: israeli spies reveal trump’s pee party is just the tip of a fast-melting iceberg
not to be missed! the brilliant daniel hannan on socialism versus liberty: “hitler was a socialist” [video]
here’s why the un and climate change globalists are freaking out over the trump win
trump warns gop establishment against pooling pac money to take him out…
rino mitch mcconnell praises hillary day after benghazi hearing…says he could work with her as president
flashback: vulgar obama exposes erection to female reporters on campaign plane [video]
twitter destroys trump for using dwyane wade’s personal tragedy to pander for black votes
breaking: starbucks ceo to step down after pledge to hire 10,000 refugees backfires
if you’re looking for ways to irritate trump, here are some tips
the end of the republican party in one simple graph
fl ‘responsible gun owners’ shoot 9-year-old girl during ‘celebratory’ new year’s gunfire
college that receives $280 million in state, federal funds offers “african american resistance in the era of donald trump” class [video]
if joe biden decides to run for president, this video should be mandatory viewing
top bush advisor jumps from sinking gop ship
who will support “the bern”? new numbers show obama stole an extra 6 months income from average working american since bush years
supreme court strikes down texas abortion law, and anti-choicers are positively fuming
new study proves that trump supporters are racist, infuriated by black people
roseanne barr paid high price for crossing hillary: my show was cancelled by “rapist bill clinton” for interviewing paula jones [video]
report: hillary wants joe biden for huge role in white house
angry cruz kicks young boy from rally for being disruptive, suggests he needs to be spanked
donald trump was right again: u.s. funds nato in the hundreds of billions
watch: new documentary explores trump’s russian mob links
president trump issues warning to john mccain after senator’s ‘tough’ speech
what’s happening in oregon is treason, our founders explicitly wrote against insurrection
open borders bernie threatens sheriff arpaio for arresting illegal aliens: “watch out joe”
whoa: trump just exempted his entire senior staff from white house ethics rules
zuckerberg was personally warned about russian meddling by obama and he completely blew it off
boom! judge jeanine to obama: ‘instead of blaming guns, why don’t you start shooting terrorists?’
breaking: wdbj killer was angry black democrat…reprimanded for wearing obama sticker at work
the satanic temple trolls anti-abortion fanatics into stunned silence
breaking: source tells how anthony weiner accidentally got the 650,000 emails the fbi discovered [video]
a racist massacre in milwaukee this week shows where the politics of hate will lead america
hate-filled leftists tell former fox news host eric bolling, his 19-yr old son’s death is “karma”…what he “deserved” in response to his request for prayers
wow! hungary’s prime minister follows through on promise to build border wall…george soros will be furious when he sees the stunning number of illegal immigrants he’s kept out so far
not kidding! serial liar brian williams blames “fake news” for hillary’s loss on msnbc last night [video]
romney refused to insist obama expose his sealed records…cautions voters trump is hiding bombshell in these documents
msnbc “analyst” shocks host when he makes outrageous claim about jared kushner: “that’s a major allegation. i mean that’s kind of a stretch” [video]
bernie sanders destroys trump during his coronation from the comfort of his armchair
proof republicans made up ‘voter fraud’ lie to stop black votes
iran makes damning new claims about gop trying to sabotage obama’s prisoner exchange
tucker carlson unloads on dem strategist who posted #huntrepublicancongressmen day after republicans shot by bernie sanders supporter: “you’re an unbalanced person” [video]
wow! social media freaks out over what’s behind mariah carey during #lasvegas shooting interview with piers morgan [video]
hillary clinton’s new tax plan will make trump’s kids furious
bill o’reilly announces 2 week vacation…will murdoch’s liberal son who pushed to fire roger ailes make his vacation permanent? [video]
dingbat democrat maxine waters hopes trump won’t serve 4 years…thinks putin invaded korea [video]
obama hid bin laden papers to bury this damning evidence that could have cost him 2012 election
mississippi governor whines about imaginary persecution of christians in defense of anti-lgbt law
more fake news: mainstream media lies about trump ‘evicting’ white house press corp
busted! one of nation’s biggest political donors caught funneling money to hillary, other crooked democrats [video]
kellyanne conway threatens media: it’s ‘inappropriate’ to question comey’s firing
media focuses on crooked granny…as chelsea gives birth to campaign baby in $1,700/night maternity ward…but where are chelsea’s in-laws?
why trump’s doj gets asian support in fight against ‘race-based college admissions policies’
halloween horror: mom dresses her son up as hillary clinton: “our 8-year-old son is with you”
watch hillary clinton go full on socialist…your hard earned money isn’t yours! [video]
radical “occupy” mom who left 4 kids and husband to block nyc traffic plays victim card… sues for “police brutality”
the community organizer who won’t go away: obama reportedly setting up shadow government in dc to undermine trump’s presidency [video]
5-star mooch and free-loading granny drop in for lunch in new york on the taxpayer’s dime…
she’s baaack and this time tomi lahren destroys obama and islamic extremism
ted cruz repeated his truly horrible jfk impression and got the quote wrong. again!
trump’s deputy campaign manager just blamed hillary for bill’s infidelities
watch: one woman reports the weather in sweden, the other in iraq…what’s wrong with this picture?
obama uses labor day to harm private sector with new executive order giving government an unfair advantage with workers
liberals believe: “obama too brilliant for republicans”…this is why the dems lost the election
rapist gets slap on the wrist sentence because prison would be too ‘severe’
elizabeth warren gives trump bad news after he mocks her for not getting vp spot
tucker and gutfeld’s hilarious take on miley cyrus crying over ‘thank you hillary’ note: ‘they shouldn’t be treating her like mrs. claus’ [video]
(video) water wars: obama’s epa power grab to regulate puddles, ponds, and just about anything that’s wet
judge jeanine: “america is back but the president has one huge problem he needs to fix” [video]
watch: trans artist demonstrates how she collected 200 gallons of pee to make resist trump “art” while crowd watches
trumpkins seriously think their hero will return from mexico with a check for his wall
rare interview with white house secretary: bill clinton had affairs with “thousands of women”…”monica lewinsky is alive today because of choices i made”
trump hasn’t gotten the memo that he’s all but wrapped up the gop nomination, and it’s hilarious
this clip of obama obliterating trump 5 years ago should inspire gop rivals
watch: female university employee assaults white male student for wearing hairstyle belonging to black culture
the deep state speaks: clapper and brennan threaten trump during aspen institute’s lefty gaggle [video]
here are the key points in donald trump’s economic speech you’ll want to know
flint residents told to pay bills for poison water or they may have their children taken away
nc gop rep. makes outrageously racist statement in response to charlotte protests
after loss, democratic senate candidate writes statement that every single progressive should see
message to president trump from syria’s assad: ‘you also need our help to defeat terrorism’
wake up america! caterpillar just screwed over american workers just like disney and tech companies [video]
watch live: #benshapiro speaks as #berkeley antifa protests [video]
media focuses on crooked granny…as chelsea gives birth to campaign baby in $1,700/night maternity ward…but where are chelsea’s in-laws?
fitting end for communist dictator: hilarious reason jeep carrying castro’s ashes had to be pushed by military
maxine waters gleefully reveals plan to destroy trump in disturbing interview [video]
kellyanne conway delivers knock out punch to smug jake tapper at cnn town hall forum [video]
bernie sanders devastates trump on twitter over ‘hypocrisy’ for treasury pick
just in: leading democrats call for investigation into al franken…msnbc defends groping as ‘mock groping’ [video]
cher reacts to dr. oz reading trump’s health report, and it’s the best thing ever
tucker carlson defends trump on sweden comment that the left went nuts over! [video]
trump in for tremendous shock if he thinks he can just refuse to accept election night loss
watch what happens to freedom when a nation puts political correctness before its citizens [video]
trump’s biggest, most pansy-a** apologist now says he is ‘unacceptable’
donald trump panicking as ugly divorce records may be unsealed
government gone wild: ny man return from hospital to find his home demolished by city
watch: harvard students caught on tape saying white people should kill themselves for having “white privilege”
armed woman takes out one of three burglars in a crazy home invasion [video]
liberal trevor noah didn’t count on conservative tomi lahren destroying him on his own show…but that’s exactly what she did! [video]
watch: louie gohmert wants lying democrat va governor mcauliffe investigated for “facilitating violence” in charlottesville
black homicide victims killed mostly by black criminals jumps 900 per yr. since start of black lives matter…number of cops killed by blacks is stunning
trump to give huge f**k you to states hillary won by taking a literal ego trip
mma fighter jake shields embarrasses cowards in masks for violent 20-on-1 beating of trump supporter [video]: “i was in berkeley and watched a man getting beat by a mob with no police help…i was the only person to jump in and help”
uncensored video: real new yorkers’ opinions on trump
live stream: president trump’s remarks at a wreath laying ceremony at arlington national cemetery [video]
social media rips republicans a new one for all-white selfie touting ‘unity’
apple issues ominous warning: ‘fbi could force us to turn on iphone cameras and microphones’ [video]
is hillary about to be “berned?”…obama tells donors to back hillary…but can hillary win without the “free college” voters?
north carolina authorities may charge trump with ‘inciting a riot’ following his violent rally
instead of tip, ‘christian’ trump supporter leaves waitress unbelievably sexist note
the gop didn’t waste any time going back to hating gay people with what they just did
81-year-old cuban run over by racist a$$hole
watch: senator lindsey graham drops bombshell… finally confirms the fake russian dossier was used to obtain fisa warrant to spy on trump
democrat alan dershowitz calls out court’s ruling on travel order: if obama had issued same ban, it would’ve been upheld [video]
trump’s ego goes into overdrive as he retweets anyone who kisses his a** over withdrawal from paris climate accord
judge jeanine is furious! “hillary won’t stop lying!” [video]
media busted on latest lie about trump…here’s why it’s so important [video]
trump’s new ‘christian policy’ advisor actually thinks he can control the weather
trump supporters terrorize an american woman on the subway for wearing a hijab
president trump’s powerful first commencement speech: “in america we don’t worship government, we worship god” [video]
watch: trump education minion betsy devos runs away after being blocked from entering public school
ridiculous! secret service investigating “possible threat” on hillary by former trump adviser
the brutal truth about the mooching bum who wanted to be your next president…and tax you to death
brave fbi agents come forward on clinton email scandal: “comey thought this was going to go away”
3 “middle eastern” men arrested for gang rape of swedish woman broadcasted live on facebook
watch: tucker carlson destroys leftist professor who claims “it’s a privilege to teach future dead cops” and defends antifa’s right to beat their opponents
wow! liberal election fraud expert: trump landslide was enough to counter potential massive voter fraud effort by hillary campaign [video]
a must read: obama’s treason goes into overdrive
historian buries every excuse senate republicans have used to block obama’s scotus nominee
[video] hillary channels southern drawl while addressing black democrats in alabama…plus throwback video bonus: hillary’s accent evolution
survey: top ten fears of 2015
hypocrisy on steroids: check out hateful trump bullies in anti- bullying ad for kids [video]
hillary flip-flop highlight reel
oops! was antifa terrorist who threatened acid attack on trump supporters caught violating his probation today? [video]
dr. wolf calls out hillary for lying about pneumonia diagnosis [video]
after 5 years of being bullied by barack obama, president trump signs religious liberty exec order to protect “little sisters of the poor”
crooked hillary’s campaign manager won’t rule out 2020 run for president…she’s focused on tackling worldwide challenges right now…lol!
lifelong republican arnold schwarzenegger terminates the gop over trump
you can thank obama for this: black woman spits in trump supporter’s face [video]
naacp: bannon may be gone but trump is still a raging bigot
this may be the clinton’s most deplorable act ever: “the question becomes, ‘how many people lost their lives?'”
busted! washington post skips maxine waters’ admission of no guilt found in trump/russia collusion [podcast]
report: facebook’s zuckerberg gave fbi’s mueller info for russia investigation
hysterical! jimmy kimmel reads “winners aren’t losers” to donald trump [video]
couple gives up buying $1 million boat to send 26 kindergarteners to college
media attacks taylor swift over refusal to criticize president-elect trump
donald trump finally put ‘make america great again’ to song and it’s gross
sheriff clarke destroys idiocy of gun control in democrat ghetto hell-holes like blood-soaked chicago
trump is trying to muzzle his sexual assault victims in the most ludicrous way imaginable
fighting back: [video] ben carson’s brilliance was more than cnn’s chris cuomo bargained for as he desperately attempts to paint him as a ‘homophobe’
bill maher announces sarah palin is becoming a rapper, and he has video proof
brother of seth rich works for cyber security firm…reportedly blocked family’s private investigator from determining if seth was wikileaks source…refused to let investigator see seth’s computer: “i already checked it…don’t worry about it”
hillary talks taco trucks, shreds trump, and the crowd goes wild
house intel slaps subpoenas on mccain institute associate involved in “trump dirty dossier” sources
couple married 37 years in disagreement on election; watch the hilarious twist
king obama asks taxpayers to increase his post-presidency pay
sexists came out in droves as hillary clinton accepted historic nomination (tweets/video)
deadbeats beware: trump’s food stamp reform is your worst nightmare
spicer: it would be ‘misguided and wrong’ to not handcuff 5-year-old muslim children
trump can be arrested by the nypd and this military veteran explains why
watch: cowardly antifa thugs surround afghanistan veteran at boston free speech rally…scream in his face: “f*ck off nazi scum!”
thomas sowell’s final column: “…too many of our schools are producing artificial stupidity”
scott baio files police report: physically attacked by wife of famous rock band member over support for trump…screamed vulgarities in front of kids at elementary school function
paul ryan assaults healthcare on twitter and gets butchered by the public
will americans free themselves from the slavery of the democrat party…or will we wait until it’s too late? watch: “the peasants are revolting”
wasted? cnn anchor’s mic cut after he starts saying 2016 was ‘awful’…gets ear pierced on air [video]
the stunning list of barack obama’s “firsts”
eric holder doubles down with second threat against firing mueller
‘bernie sanders is on a mission’
heavily-armed man claiming to be jesus arrested after plotting to kidnap obama’s dog
breaking: here’s why hillary’s “khan man” just deleted his law firm website…backtracking to hide true agenda
watch: trump’s top cheerleader on cnn just got his a** handed to him
watch: muslim woman admits obama came to mosque to get votes…human rights attorney destroys obama’s decision
watch: fox host jeanine pirro just destroyed karl rove and gop chair reince priebus
trump is trying to force dems’ hand on border wall funding – here’s why he’ll fail bigly
black female rapper endorses trump: “black folks have been voting democrat for last 70 years and we don’t have shit to show for it…hillary treats us like ‘pets'”
bill o’reilly asks trump “racist” question that has many outraged…was bill out-of-bounds this time? [video]
hillary clinton crashing in polls: moves to obama strategy…using taxpayer money to give away free sh*t
when #blacklivesmatter, golf take priority over our vets: 76 yr old vet kills himself in va parking lot after er allegedly denied appointment with doctor for mental problems
(video) judge jeanine: free speech is non-negotiable – period!
toby keith has awesome response to crybaby attacks over trump inauguration performance [video]
obama to visit mosque where radical imam condones suicide bombings…even more unbelievable is list of muslims who committed horrific acts of terror against americans who prayed there
trump calls for this racist policy to be forced on every state
scott baio files police report: physically attacked by wife of famous rock band member over support for trump…screamed vulgarities in front of kids at elementary school function
‘is donald trump really the answer?’
lol! #fakenews cnn’s april ryan embarrasses herself on thanksgiving day over her obsession with legitimacy of sarah sanders’ pecan pie
watch maga rally live: president trump holds massive rally in phoenix [video]
declassified us intel report used to discredit trump is huge embarrassment…evidence was compiled in 2012 after obama’s reelection
trump celebrates pride month by being saying we’re ‘under siege’ from gay people
nfl nightmare continues…seahawks player caught on video taunting female officer during arrest: “are you scared of me?”…“i got a lot of f**king money you broke-ass n*ggas”
watch: mike pence gets embarrassing grilling after he evades simple question
watch: democrat takes michigan gov. rick snyder to the woodshed for poisoned flint water
‘that was some weird sh*t’…a very rude hillary continues her overseas bashing of trump with nasty claims about the inauguration [video]
pelosi giggles nervously: “after i met president trump i prayed for america” [video]
cnn cuts off black trump supporter when he answers ‘white guilt’ question [video]
just in: ‘chuck and nancy’ pull out of budget meetings with trump after he exposes their true agenda in one awesome tweet
breaking: jeb bush suspends campaign under pressure from supporters of fellow gopers
watch: fox panel glorifies this vile poverty shaming assault at walmart
5-year old suspended from school for playing with ‘stick gun’…said she ‘posed a threat’
chuck todd has no f*cks to give, says jeff sessions can take his threats and shove it
hollywood libs have epic melt downs…threaten president trump over his transgender military policy
“not a word”…that’s what the parents of beautiful young woman murdered by illegal alien in sanctuary city have heard from white house [video]
whoa! john kasich makes a crazy prediction about the gop convention you just won’t believe
st. louis riot police reportedly chant ‘whose streets? our streets!” after arresting 80 protesters
fiscal conservative ted cruz just released his plan to destroy america by exploding our deficit
‘responsible gun owner’ road rages, threatens to shoot motorcyclist
twitter blasts whole foods for yet another expensive, unnecessary product
breitbart racist is attacking neil degrasse tyson: ‘he is stupid and his politics are dumb’
watch: rep. steve king stuns house floor in most ignorant anti-trans rant you’ve ever seen
trump chooses racist anti-gay alabama senator jeff sessions for attorney general
nervous nancy: pelosi gives incoherent response to trump’s saying her being dem leader helps gop
last republican reagan trashes gop, says nancy would have voted for hillary clinton
trump bares himself at unga, “in a kind of neocon full monte”
eric trump just said something monumentally stupid and twitter is roasting him for it
wow! fans break nfl jersey sales record for 3-time afghan war vet who bravely stood alone for national anthem…now he claims “standing by myself” was “mistake”
pc gone wild: professors threaten students with bad grades for saying “illegal alien”…expected to defer to non-white students
yikes! new bill clinton rape details emerge: “her mouth was all swollen up…it was cut…her pantyhose were all ripped”
ivanka trump-branded cheapo scarves recalled because they can easily burst into flames
president obama’s approval rating hits three year high – here’s why that matters
watch: pat robertson gets incredibly offensive in full-throated defense of trump
cnn host to jill stein: “have you seen any direct evidence that anyone hacked the voting systems in mi, wi and pa?”…”um…no” [video]
seth rich murder has chilling similarities to clinton body count victims
life in the military academy: where donald j. trump played by the rules and learned how to be a winner
nato ambassador just shamed trump – had to educate him on how nato works
smashed windows and death threats: liberal couple reveals horrific experience after opening up farm to muslim “refugees”
breaking: did hillary’s unsecured classified emails cause execution of iranian accused of working with u.s.? [video]
wow! 3 muslim brothers working for dems in congress caught accessing unauthorized top-secret government intel…one has criminal background…may have ties to muslim brotherhood [video]
david duke screams from the rooftops that trump is in the lead because of him
busted! craigslist ad exposes rent-a-mob for phoenix anti-trump thugs
long beach police have discriminatory policy targeting gay men, judge says
anderson cooper just smacked kellyanne conway around for a half hour straight
sarah palin uses white supremacist slogan to praise trump’s warsaw speech and twitter is p*ssed
episode #174 – sunday wire: ‘fake news’ week in review
who do you think won the cnbc gop presidential debate?
watch: trump yard sign vandals get big surprise when homeowner pulls gun on them
83 yr old supreme court justice ginsburg gives rare interview to bbc: talks retirement…expresses “hope” in anti-trump protesters[video]
oops! new app allows users to remain anonymous…defies liberal media narrative…shows trump winning big over crooked hillary
sean hannity gets chewed out by fox news for citing fake polls to support trump
breaking: jared kushner speaks…”i did not collude with russia” [video]
haha! hot mic catches schumer saying trump ‘likes us’ [video]
(video) hysterical snl take on hillary’s announcement: ‘buckle up america, the clintons are back!’
unhinged liberal uses the ‘n-word’ on live tv to try and push false narrative of alt-right and trump [video]
#irma update: latest look as hurricane strengthens to cat 5…’a great danger to florida keys’
donald trump just totally melted down on live television
hillary beautifully slams trump’s ‘dangerous’ and idiotic gun policies
breaking: close friend of bill and hillary clinton, huge democrat donor arrested for threatening to kill president-elect trump at inauguration
one heart-beat away…joe biden: it’s ‘ok sometimes’ to be uninformed guy who ‘has no idea what the hell he’s talking about’ [video]
comedy gold! local tv news traffic reporter shows crybaby hillary supporters easiest route to canada [video]
almost 100 years later…donald trump sounds a lot like theodore roosevelt on immigration…and what it means to be an american [video]
professors claim sexual harassment ban is violating the first amendment
warning: don’t worry if the stock market goes crazy after election
trump mocked mercilessly after he tries (and fails) to mock clinton
john kasich tells gop chair reince priebus to go f*ck himself
sarah palin turns on trump, blasts his bad ‘crony capitalism’ deal with carrier
us presidential debates much more corrupt than you might think
watch: rapper makes video shows white police officer being tortured, hanged…says he’s “not advocating violence” just promoting black lives matter
never forget: donald trump bragged about having the tallest building in manhattan after 9/11
windows 10 is stealing your bandwidth
mid summer anger: oliver stone waxes us establishment’s russia conspiracy theory
snowflake trump makes his staff create a daily newsletter
just in: judicial watch claims comey’s fbi hid and “blacked out” records of secret loretta lynch meeting with bill clinton on tarmac
boiler room ep #85 – the return of the social rejects club
shock to the system: new poll says trump can beat hillary
judge gives ‘legal personhood’ to monkeys: should monkeys have the same legal rights as people?
sanders campaign begins to raise money for down-ticket democratic candidates
msnbc anchor drops mic on rep. keith ellison: “i just don’t know what you said…at all!” [video]
trump says “no” to pro-amnesty koch brother’s influence…won’t meet with them
angry ‘patriot’ who assaulted a black woman at a trump rally finds out it ruined his life
gop rep. steve king just went full white supremacist – david duke is cheering
wtf: top trump advisor tells trump to kill liberals
most awkard moment ever: 6 months after trump sells miss universe pageant, host announces he named wrong winner, takes back crown [video]
watch: kimmel humiliates trolls who attacked him over climate science by reading their comments on air
leo ditches hillary: shady excuse doesn’t fly in dicaprio fundraiser cancellation
maine’s governor somehow gets more racist: i can’t understand indian people without interpreter
media says trump cannot use anonymous sources, but they can!
target just made a major move that’s going to blow conservative minds
this edm remix of sarah palin’s trump speech makes her screechy voice totally worth it
nothing big mac: donald trump jr caught in latest russiamania ragbag
watch defiant muslim refugees tell british citizens : “we will come anyway…if you agree or not…we’re coming”
bush-hinckley nexus: reagan gunman released, reviving conspiracy suspicions
(video) chicken little obama claims climate change is a “serious threat to global security”
is trump ditching obama’s “bad deal” to bring muslim refugees in australia to the us?
president obama ends his presidency with 75 straight months of job creation
fox news posts incredibly misleading tweet defending sessions and people are losing their minds
“never-trump” busted! former jeb bush staffer admits to planting roy moore story in washington post
michigan governor gets slammed with racketeering lawsuit for running flint like corrupt business
this move by president obama completely humiliated trump, clearly shows who the better man is
#neworleans: black patriots ready to fight antifa for confederate monuments…police, feds gear up for day of violence [video]
(video) key clinton state dept employee blocked release of politically sensitive documents
this may be the clinton’s most deplorable act ever: “the question becomes, ‘how many people lost their lives?'”
trump admits democrats are hurting his feelings with dnc criticisms
san diego padres deliberately humiliate local gay men’s chorus
watch: fox host destroy race enthusiast juan williams after he attempts to race shame her…
sins of socialism…doctors pumping air into infants lungs by hand…no antibiotics…children die in filthy venezuelan hospitals
breaking: biden won’t run…is it because biden and obama can’t risk repercussions of exposing hillary? [video]
teacher unbelievably defends punching autistic 11-yr-old hard enough to give him a concussion
wow! black trump supporter’s epic takedown of media talking heads goes viral [video]
watch: anderson cooper humiliates trump supporter for whining about jay-z at hillary rally
embarrassing: the view’s angry femi-nazi’s are no match for trump’s brilliant female campaign manager [video]
hillary’s campaign manager deflects and dodges questions on clinton e-mail scandal and sanctuary cities [video]
15 surprising facts about the white house easter egg roll
france: “topless trump” and “topless marine le pen” dragged away from polling place, as country under siege by islamic radicals votes
watch: chuck todd swats annoying kellyanne conway for calling trump’s lies ‘alternative facts’
boiler room – no surrender, no retreat, heads will roll  – ep #38
watch: gop senator yawns as disabled healthcare protesters are being dragged away by cops
10 reasons a vote recount is a really bad idea for america
in the age of amazon, are traditional shopping malls dead?
art project or hate speech? 6 rainbow colored nooses found hanging on tennessee campus
racist attacker accuses sikh family of terrorism, holds them at knife point
‘nafta boy’ bill clinton heckled at detroit labor day parade [video]
loretta lynch gives radical black lives matter protesters pep talk: “i want you to know that your voice is important”
#trumpchicken is now trending and these tweets are hilarious
[video] our divider in chief, barack obama, invokes “n” word during interview
germany: afghan “teen” refugee who raped and killed female med student and refugee volunteer is actually 33-years old…and there’s more!
oops! hypocrite hillary uses flint water crisis to prop up campaign…ignores major 1992 clinton water pollution scandal
the smartest woman in politics: “how trump can knock out hillary in the first debate”
watch hero singlehandedly shut down anti-trump protest: “hey! this is library!” [video]
tom hanks gives white house press corps a great gift to help them keep fighting trump
facebook founder tells trump to go f*ck himself in a huge way
#boycottstarbucks…ceo puts leftist agenda over company profits…plans to hire 10,000 refugees in response to trump’s 4 month refugee moratorium…ignored obama’s 6 month ban on refugees
watch: donald trump receives endorsement from neo-nazis in crazy new video
chuck todd bans donald trump from phoning it in on meet the press
fiore: bundy ranch case drags on because ‘fbi has no evidence to prosecute them with’
pelosi’s hacked email shows top-secret memo to staffers: make #blm activists think dems are on their side, but don’t let them come in large groups…”do not say ‘all lives matter!”
extreme left #disruptj20 plot to ‘acid bomb’ inauguration deploraball
how colleges punish high achievers: check “african american” on sat test, add 230 points…check “asian,” deduct 50 points
o’malley comes out swinging at dnc: ‘to hell with trump’s american nightmare’
principal of wealthy nyc school sends hate-filled email to parents: trump is worse than 9-11
texas republicans actually claim their awful ‘bathroom bill’ doesn’t target transgender people
trump demands investigation into his political enemies and gets torn apart by twitter
privileged trump supporter cries ‘discrimination’ when bakery won’t make ‘trump 2016’ cake
tim kaine reveals who’s trying to steal the election
cruz campaign blames rubio for loss: a cruz/rubio ticket would’ve been ‘a blowout’
breaking: trump’s travel ban halt upheld by 9th circuit court
michael moore lays waste to anyone who says they are ‘christian’ yet supports trump’s bigotry
are you ready for joe? 91% of obama-biden bundlers haven’t been fundraising for scandal-ridden hillary
ann coulter thinks we need to get rid of the ‘utterly useless’ cia
money to “bern!”…socialist bernie sanders endorses clinton…buys third home on lake for $600k only 3 weeks later
ha! alabama lawmaker tells msnbc’s chuck todd democrats practice ‘gutter politics’ [video]
ammon bundy arrested, ryan bundy and ‘tarp man’ shot after confrontation with police
watch: girl on bike brutally beaten by cops and then she is charged with assault
watch: elizabeth warren mocked trump so hard he’ll be throwing a temper tantrum any second now
new law will punish muslim migrants…assimilate or get out!
what’s really behind the senate’s override of obama veto of saudi 9/11 lawsuit bill?
nfl player delivers courageous message: stop blaming white people…black people are holding black people back
lefty media desperately tries to bury trump but the brilliant ken starr won’t buy it [video]
oops! hypocrite hillary uses flint water crisis to prop up campaign…ignores major 1992 clinton water pollution scandal
shocking: dnc contractor caught in voter fraud sting visited white house 342 times
russian roulette for law enforcement: border patrol agents given awards for putting lives of armed illegal aliens before their own
‘newtown’ documentary sheds new light on gun violence in america
hillary pays professional trolls $1 million to make her look popular on social media
why is the media hiding this endorsement?…kkk klan leader on hillary: “she’s a democrat, the klan has always been a democratic organization”[video]
bill maher slays ted cruz and gop science deniers with amazingly hilarious groundhog day ad
former speaker john boehner goes low…calls two republicans ‘a–holes’
a $50,000 free-for-all for minorities in the biggest obama scandal yet
#neverromney explodes on twitter…newt gingrich, mike huckabee: romney would “be a real insult” to voters [video]
trump trashes sean spicer’s cell phone checks, signals trump team implosion
boiler room #93 – the outgoing head of hydra
uaw bullies print names of non-members in right-to-work state [video]
breaking! republicans pull vote on banning confederate flag
oops! sen coons admits regret making it easier to confirm cabinet with obama [video]
wearing a pro-trump maga hat in hollywood is dangerous…this video shows just how bad it gets [video]
ted cruz goes full right-wing lunatic trying to raise support off obama’s gun actions
former trump staffer suing after campaign director pulled gun on him
twitter rips the huffington post to shreds over this photo of their staff
breaking live feed: police form large barricade in atlanta to keep large crowd of black lives matter protesters off major highway…protesters launch water bottles at trucker
what? first graders asked not to use the words ‘god’, ‘jesus’ or ‘devil’ in class [video]
lovin’ it! arizona dunkin’ donuts stirs it up with trump wall donuts [video]
trump is pretending he doesn’t want to sue the new york times
the horrible end game: bernie sanders calls for socialized medicine aka single-payer healthcare [video]
former dnc chair ‘felt like a slave’… wanted to replace hillary with one of two options after fainting spell gave campaign ‘odor of failure’
judicial bias? latina supreme court justice declares her shockingly racist view on ethnicity and sex when judging
trump explodes as obama drops the most devastating truth bomb on him and gop
comey going public with russia/trump investigation after pressure from congress
rigged: hillary wins popular vote as republicans claim wh victory
jill stein (hillary’s) recount collapses: misses deadline in pennsylvania…sues wi for refusing hand recount [video]
mike huckabee scorches the press: “grow up!…start acting like journalists” [video]
bill clinton recently caught making racist remarks: obama’s presidency will cause white working men to die sooner
boiler room #97 – mermaids and swamp life
bombshell: rnc rules committee member says trump only needs 1,100 delegates to win [video]
what donald trump learned from his german grandpa friedrich drumpf
the secret plan the democrats have to steal the 2016 election [video]
irs exec lois lerner demands secrecy in law suit…claims death threats over tea party targeting [video]
twitter posts hilarious images after announcement that it’s now illegal to post images of putin as “gay”
conservatives are crying after meryl streep destroys trump in golden globes speech
[video] awesome: texas mom frustrated by mckinney pool incident tells parents to teach kids to respect authority
trump’s white supremacist fans say ‘rational’ approach will help achieve ethnic cleansing of u.s.
breaking: it turns out bowe and b.o. have something else in common [video]
sarah palin’s latest anti-obama tweet just got her smacked hard by twitter
family values republican bill o’reilly loses custody of his kids
europe crashes and burns, as eu officials finally admit secret about “refugees” they’ve known for a while
wow! this letter from july 30th predicts obama’s toxic spill into river by epa to secure superfund money
what’s hillary hiding? hillary’s campaign dodges questions about goldman sachs speeches [video]
georgia trump supporter preparing for civil war if hillary clinton wins election
the democrat who wrote a paper about how women fantasize about being gang raped draws larger crowds than gop presidential candidates
trump ditches facts, goes after united nations in unprecedented disrespectful rant
the king of anti-hillary trolling is a near billionaire whose company was bought by facebook
white racists are furious with netflix; the poor little snowflakes are even boycotting
bruce springsteen releases anti-trump song calling the president a “con man”
loretta lynch makes disturbing video encouraging dems to fight back like those before us: “they’ve marched…they’ve bled…and yes, some have died…we did this before…we can do this again!”
watch: iran made videotape of secret $400 million ransom cash-drop from u.s. to mock obama’s embarrassing incompetence [video]
mass nye sexual assaults in europe explained: [video] just an innocent rape game played by muslims in arab nations
bill o’reilly is back! tell fans he’s not going away: “i’m very confident the truth will come out, and when it does…i think you’re going to be shaken” [listen]
trump literally just said he’d take guns away from anyone without due process
aha! fox head honcho rupert murdoch ordered fox execs to take down trump last august
government failed to notify three sons of 9-11 victim living in public housing of $1 million compensation payment
lol! photos show empty or nearly empty #nfl stadiums in week #6 of national anthem protesters
michelle obama torches donald trump: ‘it’s not about politics, it’s about parenting!’
dnc mega-donor ditches dems in scathing message: ‘bunch of dumb-ass political hacks’
wtf: ted cruz tried to block aid to flint before backlash forced his hand
breaking report: hillary supporter, ceo of las vegas mgm and mandalay bay resort asked employees to donate to cair only 2 months ago, wife worked for obama
hillary is asked why ambassador stevens didn’t have her personal email if he was such a good friend, but political hit man sydney blumenthal did [video]
kremlin threatens trump: stop leaking like a colander or we’ll release info
new batman comic features batman saving black man from evil cops
traffic is for the little people…clinton carpetbaggers get wall, guards…and now private street for ny house
bad news for obama, black lives matter terror group: new gallop poll shows love for police officers surged in 2016…near all-time high
trump uses syria attack to slam obama, and twitter gleefully shows the problem with that
cleveland school officer placed on leave after horrible message about tamir rice’s mom (images/video)
“rise from your knees!” poland’s prime minister tells eu no more migrants for poland
hell freezes over…or does it? [video] hundreds of muslims in dearborn, mi take to streets to protest isis
major corporation leaves south carolina after republican introduces anti-lgbt bill
list of 15 corporations working with obama to bring unlimited number of refugees to america
chelsea clinton lashes out at trump “hate speech” in appearance at msu: “that’s not our country”
whoa! paul ryan channels trump…blasts politico during press conference over #fakenews story about his retirement [video]
gop majority senate finally gets it right: votes to gut obamacare and defund planned parenthood
wow! sean spicer destroys bbc, new york times reporter…calls him out for reporting specific “fake news” story…walks off stage [video]
cnn guest drops truth bomb about who trump’s minority ‘outreach’ is really aimed at
breaking news: leftist media publishes major fake russian story again…special counsel mueller never subpoenaed trump’s deutsche bank records
condoleezza rice brilliantly shuts down “the view” dingbats over trump-russia collusion [video]
dnc chair perez says trump ‘didn’t win’…decides to rewrite constitution without electoral college…
ruth bader ginsburg rebukes trump in defense of the free press
trump sends crazy-time tweet to the wrong account after losing his sh*t over world leader’s remarks
watch: donald trump is considering gutting medicare and giving it to wall street
boiler room – ep #58 – lord of the pedo rings, political correct hellhole & political puppetry
trump runs scared from russia investigation, hires another high profile lawyer
sean hannity just openly threatened someone on twitter, and it may be a fox news exec
eric trump: my dad ‘has carried the weight of this country for the last 18 months’
third degree “bern!” why denmark is telling marxist, bernie sanders to stop lying to voters
here’s the ted cruz ad starring an adult film star he doesn’t want you to see
store owner delivers hilarious message of support on digital sign for l.l. bean after left organizes boycott
“crazy fat kid” kim jong un has hilarious rule that prevents n. korean men from copying his look
breaking: trump picks pence for vp…why this could be yuge for conservatives
is glenn beck pushing for a hillary presidency when he says this about trump? [video]
neil degrasse tyson just went nuclear on twitter against trump’s draconian budget
just in: obama regime helped terror group #hezbollah traffic drugs in u.s “so the iran nuke deal would go ahead”…proceeds were allegedly used to design new ied’s that killed us troops in iraq
cnn fires black dem party chair: new wikileaks email exposes second question donna brazile gave to crooked hillary in advance of debate
cover-up: both obama and clinton lied about trading classified emails
trump just got razed after his painfully stupid attack on the ‘fake’ media
faisal mohammad had isis flag, islamic themed manifesto, stabbed 4 college students, wanted “to cut someone’s head off”…fbi rules out “terrorism”
trump’s deplorables freak out, demand we repeal women’s right to vote
breitbart editor to cnn host: a song by ringo starr proves roy moore isn’t a pedo
sarah palin’s pick to replace paul ryan wants to challenge the speaker to an arm wrestling match
democrat thugs vandalize republican offices across several states…now who’s “deplorable”?
dem. senator mocks trump’s ridiculous cabinet meeting with hilarious video
priorities: as vets lay dying, waiting for medical care…obama’s crooked va spent millions on artwork
breaking: fl muslim terrorist worked for security company who quietly transports and releases van loads of illegal aliens away from border for u.s. government
abortion employees give gut-wrenching accounts of live baby killings: “twisting the head off the neck with his own bare hands” [video]
detroit: immigrant steals $132 million from medicare…owns $7 million mansion with indoor basketball court…defense lawyer mohammed nasser says he’s “not a flight risk”
obamacare officially bans transgender discrimination
unhinged! nancy pelosi’s daughter blows up at cavuto claiming she’s getting death threats [video]
boom! woman tries to steal trump signs but this guy was ready for her! [video]
in a heartless rebuke to victims, trump invites nra to xmas party on sandy hook anniversary
watch lindsey graham accept defeat over trump: ‘i can’t go where he’s taking the country’
watch: louis c.k. nails trump and his gullible supporters during appearance on colbert
another progressive democrat lines up behind sanders — will warren be next?
taxpayer funded college gives lessons on “how to stop white people”
88-yr old democrat congressman and accused sexual predator reluctantly steps down from house judiciary committee…refuses to resign
pro-hillary saudi prince just gave americans a great reason to vote for trump
big time racists are backing this republican for president
busted: [video] aarp caught using subliminal message to promote ‘martial law’ in recent ad
watch rachel maddow troll trump with a list of things that poll higher than him
the funniest and most obscene local news fails of 2015
supreme court agrees to take on obama’s un-american plan to shield millions of illegals from deportation
episode #159 – sunday wire: ‘tick-tock usa’ with guests dr marcus papadopoulos, basil valentine
mccain ‘associate’ who handled trump dossier is accused of dodging subpoena in buzzfeed lawsuit
nfl legend who supported hillary leaves cnn host speechless over praise for trump…people who “called him names when he won”…”he reached back and brought them along with him. he held no grudges”[video]
tucker carlson: how the left ruined my alma mater [video]
watch: two tx school workers fired for refusing to call 6 year old girl a “boy” : “one day, she wanted to be a girl, the next day she wanted to be a boy”
oops – trump’s campaign manager caught calling trump a whiner
only in detroit: squatting on the squatter takes a turn
creationist freak ken ham loses it because the press cares about a gorilla
man arrested for asking muslim woman: ‘excuse me, can i ask what you thought about the [terror] incident in brussels?’
“meathead” rob reiner calls for ‘all out war’ against trump…twitter user warns “hollywood folks” to be careful…they might just get a war
kkk and black lives matter get into urine tossing fight outside the gop convention [video]
leave it to ellen degeneres to perfectly mock trump and his ‘hand’ size
gop official just quit trump’s bogus voter fraud panel, more states resist giving voter info
watch: bill maher returns and hilariously mocks drug addicted red states for voting trump
this sexist comment from trump’s victory speech caps nightmare night for gop
trump fans scream that john mccain should die because they’re all terrible people
liz warren called out for crazy claim steve bannon is a “white supremacist” [video]
watch: irrelevant dem political analyst james carville says trump’s mental state needs to be looked at because of his sentence structure
holy globalist slam! nigel farage brilliantly destroys eu hypocrites over their trashing of president trump [video]
social media explodes after melania’s birthday card to president trump leaves everyone guessing
rhodes is wrong and trump could have the last laugh
senator who once betrayed america to iran has gall to accuse harry reid of ‘cancerous leadership’
stunning video reveals why we have the current hateful lunacy in the press [video]
boom! clinton rap: ‘pay my foundation for the keys to the nation’ [video]
new report: obamaphone program stashed $9 billion in private bank accounts…exposes massive windfall for phone companies
ben carson believes poverty is just a ‘state of mind’ and people aren’t happy about it
students use “free speech” wall to paint “offensive, hurtful” message supporting trump… hispanic students call emergency meeting [video]
new york known wolf: halloween truck attacker known to dhs prior to ‘act of terror’
tv host buys and forgives $15m worth of u.s. medical debt
read former fbi director james comey’s full prepared testimony ahead of today’s hearing
watch: chris cuomo shreds kellyanne conway for hypocritically defending trump’s pay-for-play scheme
iceland’s stunning election of anti-establishment political novice should have hillary shaking in her pants suit
when a government puts immigrants before citizens: swedish citizens have no place to live, no jobs, need to carry guns everywhere they go
lewandowski admits it: fbi comey’s letter won trump the election
two u.s. marines under investigation for threatening attack on gay bars
breaking: trump chooses pro-school voucher, kasich supporter, billionaire clinton foundation donor for education secretary
watch: fox host chris wallace humiliates trump’s chief of staff for lying about inauguration crowd size
republicans not willing to defend trump on-air according to fox’s shep smith
atheist teacher gets 8 year old one-week suspension for saying “merry christmas”
millionaire sean hannity tried to fake being middle class, gets destroyed on twitter
watch elizabeth warren get pissed and destroy a gop stooge who won’t answer her question
violent radical commie angela davis has a strategy to beat trump that every american should hear…we all need to know the end game!
hillary to obama: “call off your f–king dogs”
she got “spiced”! sean spicer shuts down reporter when her question turns into rude insult [video]
report: ivanka trump took kellyanne conway to the woodshed for peddling her product line
boiler room #64 – gladio! come out and play!
young black man who says bill clinton is his father blames hillary for keeping them apart…just like slavery when wives banished husband’s black offspring [video]
statue of liberty as a muslim? congressman sparks protest after hanging painting in office
president trump’s moving pentagon speech and commemoration of 9-11 attacks with white house ceremony [video]
doj continues obsession with discrediting ferguson police with this ridiculous new report
this ‘duck dynasty’ star wants to baptize donald trump, and it’s as crazy as it sounds
breaking: emergency room doctor in dearborn, mi hospital arrested, charged with genital mutilation of 6-8 yr old girls [video]
trump gets trashed for justifying don jr’s collusion with russia: ‘that’s politics!’
trump blasts democrats: a ‘disgrace’ that full cabinet not in place, ‘obstruction by democrats!’
lol! most arrested soros protesters didn’t even vote…listen to hilarious reason they’re protesting [video]
flashback video shows leftist media members praising use of “nuclear option” to confirm (liberal) supreme court justices
secret emails prove gop is trying to rig election in major swing state
dianne feinstein: trump is ‘splitting’ the united states apart
hilarious! cnn president jeff zucker is hitler [video]
trump campaign manager accused of assaulting female reporter
trump begins day of diplomacy by escalating hot war with the press
immigrant with soros-funded education, who earned $1.5 million per year as dc lawyer, flees to “somewhere in africa” after wife is caught collecting over $100,00 in welfare [video]
stunning: hillary’s own numbers show her tax hike proposals will cost american workers additional $1 trillion
the un just sent trump a dire warning about obamacare
new york times publishes trump tax return from 20 years ago…trump fires back!
another clinton casualty? activist murdered after openly blaming hillary for meddling role in honduran coup [video]
trump demands to know why the millions of women protesting him ‘didn’t vote’ and gets trashed
obama regime uses image of u.s. constitution in spanish speaking ad encouraging illegals to become citizens/voters
breaking: trump wrecks the dnc [video]
breaking: video of young obama emerges discussing mentor frank marshall davis’ advice about growing up in a white racist world
spicer wears national symbol of ‘distress’ on his lapel during briefing, internet has field day
just days in, trump administration ready to dump top staffer
obama stealing to keep his pet program afloat
23 yr old somali refugee turned naturalized citizen arrested for terror plot against us
just in: flynn to plead guilty to lying to the fbi
unreal! hillary clinton plays dumb on the high cost of obamacare [video]
donald trump attacks pope’s ‘disgraceful’ criticism about his border wall
facebook federal spy agency, dc swamp chess, bathroom cams & tranny electorate: boiler room ep #135
rnc leader’s backstage rant shows what the gop really thinks of donald trump
hollywood witchcraft: the dark side revealed in the witch (2016)
two major breaking allegations against michael flynn and what trump knew
trump terrifies the hell out of dept. of energy with invasive questions about current employees
experts think gas prices about to go lower than ever – you won’t believe how low
dem congressman displays “cops as pigs” painting on house floor…you won’t believe what his colleagues called the painting! [video]
sunday screening: counter intelligence – the deep state
(video) baltimore mayor gives totally insane reason for giving $6.4 million to freddie gray family
epic! black conservative calls out cnn anchor on trash talking trump: “you sit here and attack the president!” [video]
meals on wheels shuts the lyin’ lefties up with truth after moveon.org’s fake news [video]
nyc mayor de blasio…putting illegal aliens before the safety of americans: it’s okay to protect illegal alien drunk drivers [video]
“president trump” is stabbed to death in central park production of “julius caesar”…where’s the outrage?
hillary clinton: we all know she’s deceitful and dishonest, but i bet you didn’t know this…
evan mcmullin issues dire warning for all americans about trump
trump devastated after poll reveals americans trust media more than him
must watch: barack obama after january 20th…this will make your day!
wow! london mayor hammered by piers morgan: “where are the 400 terrorists?” [video]
ted cruz has ‘religious liberty’ exactly wrong, his response to georgia veto is cringeworthy
wow! us marine and navy veteran writes blistering open letter to khizr khan: “does it matter whether mr. trump has ‘sacrificed’? has ms. clinton ‘sacrificed’ for this nation? how about mr. obama?”
just released: texts between anti-trump mueller team members call trump ‘loathsome human’…’awful’
will smith goes off in furious rant against trump and his supporters
chuck todd takes on trump’s media attacks, this is going to get ugly
[video] mooch will give barack work out gear…you know, so he can workout with what? 2 lb weights? watch flashback video
hope for forgotten america…why trump is last chance for this steel town where 94% of jobs have gone [video]
watch: george w. bush offers somber memorial honoring lives of murdered dallas police officers…obama gives speech about urgent need for gun control [video]
texas teacher calls 12-year-old boy a ‘terrorist’ in class and students bully him afterward
professor who predicted trump’s election has another prediction trump will hate
tiffany & co. takes big risk…sides against trump on very controversial issue
james comey is doing something that will have trump sh*tting his pants
priceless! #tuckercarlson destroys leftist #robreiner over russian propaganda ad claiming ‘we’ve been invaded!’ [video]
an arrogant obama admits he’s learned nothing as president
wow! chicago protester caught on camera admits violent activity was pre-planned: “it’s not gonna be peaceful”
alabama republican governor busted lying to congressman to cover up affair
texas lt. governor uses fake statistics to defend new open carry law
episode #172 – sunday wire: ‘trumpe le monde’ with guests trog lodyte, sarah abed
bombshell claim: israel’s netanyahu resonds to kerry’s ‘skewed’ speech [video]
did obama shut down wikileaks ability to expose hillary campaign?…internet intentionally cut off!
president trump and melania arrive in poland to cheering crowds [video]
sean hannity just made a bizarre implication about philando castile’s girlfriend
why the hell is joe manchin still pretending to be a democrat?
trump directly begs twitter fans for money in unprecedented desperation
meet the republicans who may actually help democrats control the senate and thwart trump
the good, the bad and the ugly aspects of obama’s latest presidential report card
watch: trump gets grilled over this weird claim he keeps making
watch what happens when guy makes undercover video: applies for min wage jobs…says he’s “under fbi investigation” [video]
tucker carlson exposes radical middle school teacher who organizes violent protesters to shut down free speech[video]
boom! florida paper makes unprecedented apology after “uncomfortably sizable number of readers” complain about anti-trump coverage
trump’s salary donation is just bullsh*t pr, and here’s why
deplorable! hillary’s campaign is in panic mode…their latest “racist frog” story proves it [video]
boom! sean spicer: “trump sold hotels in russia while hillary clinton sold uranium”
“the worst of the worst” gitmo terrorists to be released by obama
breaking news: president trump announces major policy shift on transgender people in the us military
anti-trump protesters applaud hitler speech given by undercover trump supporter at #resisttrump rally [video]
watch chris christie’s wife roll her eyes at trump’s sexist ‘woman card’ remark
trump threatened to make the 13-year-old girl he raped disappear and kill her family: witness
trump gets torched after hypocritically whining about democratic obstruction
watch cruz insanely admit he’ll still back trump until he ‘shoots somebody’
republicans furious that even fox news is reporting how low the deficit is under obama
watch: wildly popular, outspoken geert wilders is being called “the dutch trump”…why his plan to de-islamize the netherlands is resonating with voters
how a single federal bureaucrat opened the door to let foreigners vote
wow! british actress hammers eu leaders: “every one of you who said refugees are welcome, you are responsible for brussels…europe is ‘jihadi central'”
boom! directv refunds nfl sunday ticket subscriptions after being bombarded with angry calls from customers over national anthem protests
say what? #blacklivesmatter textbooks to be used as part of common core curriculum in grades 6-12 [video]
bristol palin’s absurd blog post about gun safety will make you weep for her children
obama and three other presidents dwarf trump’s inaugural audience, and these numbers prove it
these 10 seconds of sarah palin’s insane trump endorsement perfectly capture the crazy
comedy gold: hillary claims trump “unfit” to handle hurricane caused by “climate change” [video]
watch as the right changes history before your very eyes on tubman and jackson
obama just gave terrorists incentive to kidnap americans with reckless new hostage policy
granny clinton goes way left: fear mongering on the cause of hurricane hermine
president trump’s sr. staff member omarosa manigault marries democrat pastor at trump’s dc hotel amid death threats [video]
you won’t believe this: watch donna brazile defend her decision to cheat by leaking questions to hillary [video]
raw video of entitlement nation: thousands line up for section 8 housing – need or want?
imam slams cbs news for trying to “make terrorist white”…”i’m glad they didn’t make his eyes blue as well”
why this blue-collar democrat stronghold county is still fighting for trump: “he was the hope we were all waiting on, the guy riding up on the white horse” [video]
fox news bombshell report: trump transition team lawyer accuses robert mueller of improperly obtaining documents related to russian probe
hilarious! saturday night live mocks hillary’s attempt to ride the subway in nyc [video]
hey rachel maddow…while you’re on the subject of taxes…what about tax evading hosts at msnbc?
breaking…obama’s war on cops: another cop ambushed and shot 3 times in neck by black man with lengthy criminal history in w. st. louis
breaking: trump tops off insane weekend by announcing a new muslim ban
[video] obama angers baltimore firefighters with lie about “one fire” during riots: actual number of riot fires is shocking
ford’s new ceo snubs president trump…will build focus in china…export to u.s.
nsa – ‘top secret’ arsenal released in protest of ‘trump betrayal’
obama gives himself a major award like only a true narcissist would…twitter goes crazy!
sunday screening: ‘the war on democracy’
breaking: muslim terrorist’s dad visited state department several times…new evidence suggests attack may have been planned for some time
wow! navy seal blasts hillary: “you are an ignorant liar” [video]
ca senate passes ambitious gun control package that’s going to seriously piss off republicans
jesse watters takes on young anti-trump protesters: “he said that black people are ignorant” [video]
whoa! 8 actual quotes from hillary that prove she’s unfit to clean the bathrooms in our white house [video]
trump slams canada by using example border state; that state doesn’t border canada
this leaked secret memo reveals a yuge problem destroying trump
here’s why america is the greatest no matter what the loony lefties say [video]
watch jake tapper get cornered by tmz; admits media largely to blame for trump
racist obama bashes whitey as the “old boys network”…”give women and minorities a chance” [video]
hillary panders to black radio hosts in attempt to tie herself to racist beyonce song…host asks if she needs mouth to mouth or cpr? [watch]
trump will spend more taxpayer money on vacations in a year than obama did in eight
watch: fox host calls for revolt if grand jury indicts trump
donald trump effigies burned across mexico during easter ritual
snl savagely lampoons the gop clown car in hilarious debate cold opener
powerful moment between biden and protester ends up with invitation backstage
fox news seems super bummed they’re forced to report iran released prisoners
wow! obama manages to insult black graduates during unreal grad speech [video]
white supremacist kills black man, planned on murdering more
oops: trump judicial nominee didn’t tell congress about marriage to white house attorney
it’s already happening: dapl spews oil from multiple leaks as construction continues
21wire.tv members newsletter – sept 9, 2016
vice president joe biden brings oscars to an emotional halt with powerful message
watch: sarah huckabee-sanders mocks media for ignoring public testimony proving fake russian dossier was part of “witch hunt or hoax”
watch: fox women shred male colleague for calling trump the ‘ultimate feminist’
talentless gigi hadid makes ridiculous “apology” for mocking immigrant melania’s accent: “i believe melania understands show business”
brave fbi agents come forward on clinton email scandal: “comey thought this was going to go away”
all hell breaks loose in france…
day after dallas cops’ memorial, obama invites blm activists to wh, including leader of group that chanted: “pigs in a blanket…fry pigs like bacon”
cnn just went after trump for his latest meltdown, and it was unbelievably brilliant
russian street preacher vs. american students
wapo: trump tried to get sessions to let racist sheriff joe arpaio off the hook months ago
finally, obama speaks: americans need to ‘reconcile themselves’ with a trump presidency
daily show: obama has ‘no more f*cks to give’ at final sotu
twitter smacks trump hard after his latest ridiculous attack on london’s mayor
reliable rumors abound that trump is ready to resign
breaking: 4 american hostages taken by iran-backed houthis in yemen
“guatemalan” man dies after falling into waste grinder at meat plant…former worker claims they hire “90% illegal aliens”…including “10-12 yr old kids”
whoa! how jeb bush blew through his campaign cash
hispanic activists promise to punish donald trump at the polls
man robs taxpayers of $1.4 million in food stamp scam…using fish!
report: trump illegally used charity money to jumpstart presidential campaign
lol! comedian joe piscopo warns statue haters: leave christopher columbus alone! [video]
breaking: cruz names carly fiorina as his vp running mate
report: russia taunts and tests united states as puppet trump continues fawning over putin
the android affair: humanity outsourced
hawk or not? is trump expanding the wars?
facebook troll excited for obamacare repeal is on ‘affordable care act’; irony abounds
poll: bristol palin wants to know whose voice sounds like nails on a chalkboard- her mom or tina fey
shocking physical abuse revealed: former secret service agent says agents faced predicament about how to protect bill from physical violence by hillary [video]
not kidding! obama’s education department wants schools to celebrate” undocumented immigrant awareness day”
president obama laughs after being told republicans blame him for rise of trump
white men threw eggs, shouted racial slurs at black woman waiting for bus
lol! hillary accidentally calls trump her “husband” [video]
lavrov to trump: ‘do not attack venezuela’
angry green bay packers fans and owners lash out after qb aaron rogers asks fans to join players in protest against cops
watch: things get ugly when canada’s self-proclaimed “feminist” prime minister elbows woman from conservative party on house of commons floor
dem strategist says torture of white special needs teen by black thugs not a hate crime “if it was about things trump said” [video]
department of justice says donald trump can accept foreign money
the lost video: watch msnbc’s mika shamelessly flirt with donald trump [video]
johnny depp goes off on donald trump: he’s ‘a brat!’
trump embarrasses himself by calling accurate new york times story ‘fake news’
not kidding! hillary’s state department blocked investigation into muslim terrorist’s florida mosque because “it unfairly targeted muslims”
boiler room #62 – fatal illusions
gop senator caught on hot mic trashing his own party over roy moore and donald trump
bill o’reilly’s goon gets schooled by college students
trump junior totally staged this awkward photo for the nyt, and twitter loves it
11 truths about obama birther claims and the media: “a left-wing pack of degenerate liars and cover-up artists.”
trump and his ‘law and order’ ag sign executive orders giving cops power to shoot black people
tsa: us residents from 9 states will need passports for domestic flights
can halloween tell us who’ll win the white house?…guess which candidate is crushing it in sales?
fed up with #blacklivesmatter terrorists: students at major ca university stage “white solidarity” walk out
breaking: nyc bombing suspect arrested after shooting nj cop!
shocking! here’s how often airlines bump passengers from flights [video]
digisexual robot pimps, swamp chess, hollywood & dc cannibalism: boiler room ep #137
breaking: secret service takes action after white house intruder got too close for comfort [video]
flashback: remember when obama was caught telling russian president he’d have “more flexibility” after he won re-election? [video]…why didn’t anyone question “russian interference” in his defeat of mitt romney who called russia “our biggest threat”?
‘the black room’ revealed: fox news’ secret spy network used to hunt enemies
lol! one word that describes hillary perfectly appears behind her at rally…she’s not going to like it!
black fox guest accuses democrats of ‘literally killing’ african americans ‘with guns and abortions’
elizabeth warren just shredded trump for being a ‘sore loser’ before election is even over
obama’s army: black lives matter terrorist shouts, “burn everything down” in large activist meeting, as co-founder cheers [video]
sean spicer just got into a fight with reporters, explodes over ‘fake news’
trump’s ‘grab them by the p***y’ nature reappeared during meeting with japanese prime minister
wife of muslim immigrant screams: “f*ck america!” after husband is threatened with deportation for major food stamp fraud in ny [video]
paul ryan was so desperate to pass failed trumpcare bill that he got on his knees to beg for votes
obama says blame the donald: trump is such an a**hole that michelle had to hit the campaign trail
rachel maddow tries to embarrass trump by exposing 2005 tax returns…backfires big-time..gets destroyed on twitter!
un ambassador samantha power unmasked hundreds of trump associates during 2016 election [video]
21 hilarious memes of the bundy/oregon standoff
shocking report: 99.5% of professors from top 50 liberal arts colleges donated to only two presidential candidates
‘fishy’: trump’s business audit reveals why he won’t release his taxes
watch what happens when trump spontaneously invites legal immigrant to stage at rally
this sickening pro-gun meme is quite possibly the most vile thing on the internet
fox host goes after ‘soulless’ hillary clinton, chelsea’s response is priceless
seinfeld’s ‘elaine’ wants bernie sanders to clarify a few things in snl cold open
breaking: why dr ben carson will exit presidential race
tomi lahren: “after 8 years…we were part of a different march…we marched into the voting booth to vote for trump!” [video]
(video) michelle obama gives awkward rant: you know, you know… barack ‘works all the time,’ ‘he is never off’
labor dept throws football tailgate party… bans this team’s football jersey
san francisco cops caught sending racist, homophobic texts – again
gop congressman demands the federal government be purged of anybody who disagrees with trump
watch: former dnc chair suggests president trump will be taken out before 2020 election
it’s worse than they thought: doctors discover us embassy victims in cuba have brain abnormalities…”never before seen illness”
cover up: sean spicer asked cia and top republicans to bury russia reports for trump
boom! hey democrats….why the violent riots? young american proves dems really don’t care about jobs, helping minorities or women [video]
west virginia gop push bill to literally give conservative christians ability to break the law at will
flashback: army of women join social media craze to show their love for president trump and ivanka, as media still pushes lie that women hate trump
busted! abc/washington post poll showing hillary clinton leading trump by +12 is fake
5-star mooch tells graduates: “every single day, i wake up in a house that was built by slaves” [video]
watch: cnn host rips kellyanne conway a new one for not taking russian hack seriously
boom! black activist calls black ca state senator “racist” for supporting mass immigration: “a real man is donald trump”
holy betrayal of america’s national security: new evidence shows hillary emailed “most secretive” classified material on private unsecured server
hamilton cast added ‘sisterhood’ to ‘america the beautiful’ and conservatives are losing their minds
a young donald j trump: the 34-year old shares his views on politics, leadership, and a vision for america’s renewal in 1980 [video]
here’s the list of 25 governors who have told obama muslim refugees from syria are not welcome in their states
hey america…where was the outrage when obama chose the 7 nations trump banned from entering us…or obama’s ban of cuban refugees on last day in office?
bizarre! nancy pelosi can’t stop giggling about aggression from north korea [video]
obama puts trump in his place, destroys him with this one statement during farewell address
florida mother allows baby to be bitten by snake…then laughs in sick viral video
republicans plan to strangle the supreme court to death in retaliation for a hillary victory
democrat chairman yells “all together now…f*ck donald trump!”…crowd shoots middle finger at stage [video]
#fakenews made by mainstream media
watch who racist dingbat tx rep sheila jackson-lee blames for leaked emails [video]
this woman’s post about her teenage daughter’s sexual assault is a warning every parent should see
sheriff clarke destroys idiocy of gun control in democrat ghetto hell-holes like blood-soaked chicago
breaking: liberal media’s worst nightmare comes true…kellyanne conway lands top position on trump’s team
college student’s undercover video gets him suspended! professor calls election of trump ‘an act of terrorism’ [video]
hundreds rally after atheist group forces mayor to remove christian flag from veterans memorial [video]
breaking: [audio] chilling 911 call threatens lives of police officers in aurora, co…hours later, shots are taken at cops
breaking: death for welfare leech and boston jihadist… jury gives muslim terrorist first class ticket to hell…
former gop congressman trashes paul ryan: if trump were a dem, you’d impeach him
top intelligence committee member: ‘no evidence’ to back up trump’s bogus wiretap claims
whoopi goldberg rants: ‘stupidest thing’ that ucla players did: ‘you embarrassed the president’ [video]
“conservative gay guy” blasts pence’s aspen neighbors for hanging “make america gay again banner” in front of house
austrian schools are being radicalized by young muslim migrants: “if she doesn’t obey [wear hijab], i’ll just murder her” [video]
watch: hateful trump mob boos military mom at official rally
henningsen: ‘us anti-trump protests similar to soros color revolutions abroad’
watch: bernie sanders scorches trump for abandoning working class to help wall street
fbi director confirms hillary’s worst nightmare was found on this creep’s laptop [video]
party corruption: clinton campaign directly tied to disgraced dnc consultant
woman arrested for wearing t-shirt naming muslim extremist who fled country after failed jihad attempt [video]
blunt meme exposes difference between forced government and charitable giving
meet the ‘responsible gun owner’ who was shot in the back by her 4-year-old while driving (video/screenshots)
president trump’s extreme vetting takes the next step…but is it enough?
boom! ted cruz, desantis push for term limits: “it is well past time to put an end to the cronyism and deceit…”
donna brazile crushes karl rove for making ‘joke’ about slavery during debate
watch: smartphone captures new boatload of “scared, hungry women and children” on their way to europe…while 6.6 million more are waiting to cross
charlotte city council betrays lgbt community in exchange for hearing on hb 2 repeal
david letterman is sick and tired of trump’s constant whining, has perfect solution to stop it
trump suggests white anti-semites not attacking jews – who he thinks it is will make you sick
trump makes new racist attack on judge exposing trump university
watch major moment president-elect trump and entire family arrive in d.c. [video]
sorry republicans, lavoy finicum didn’t have his hands up when he was shot
ivanka trump made up fake news about albert einstein and the internet will never let her live it down
ann coulter just had a total meltdown over ‘this jackass’ in the white house
twitter relentlessly mocks rnc chair for pretending all is fine with trump
rachel maddow’s brilliant breakdown of the coming battle over scalia’s seat is terrifying
bill maher’s #debatenight live tweetstorm was the most glorious trump takedown ever
another russian turns up dead – he actually saved the world
pro-trump group is now using pictures of an obama rally to make trump look popular
ivanka trump legally barred from participating in any trump businesses
busted: the oh so objective abc news chief anchor, george stephanopoulous made huge donation to clinton foundation
abc news: emails show hillary’s top aide arranged “special seating” at state dinner for top clinton donors [video]
trump just made his 2 most dunderheaded moves yet after firing comey
‘unable to sleep’ nfl quarterback regrets not standing for national anthem #boycottnfl
russia sells missiles to iran in defiance of obama’s “red line”
shocking videotaped interview with barack hussein obama’s “brother”malik: ‘i’d like to see him (barack) be for real, not so deceptive’
lol! marshawn lynch’s mommy comes to her son’s defense after trump calls him out for disrespecting u.s. flag during nfl game in mexico: “what nfl team do trump own ?”
watch: george clooney is a complete idiot
cnn blisters trump after he attacks them for bad representation: ‘that’s your job’
oops! media forgot ted kennedy asked russia to intervene in election, help defeat ronald reagan
why are we taking a huge number of muslim refugees if the muslim gulf states have taken zero?
msnbc’s joy reid gets a huge dose of karma from an unlikely source…apologizes on social media
breaking report: mitt romney to make huge announcement about running for major political office…there’s only one thing standing in his way
corporate america (and the walking dead) wins stunning pro-lgbt victory in georgia
when huma met hillary: “oh my god, she’s so beautiful and she’s so little!”
trump is hoping people won’t see this video that proves he’s lying about voter fraud
just in: mueller’s “right hand man” represented it staffer who destroyed hillary’s blackberrys with a hammer!
trump takes his voter fraud conspiracy to a terrifying new level
obama’s brother will vote for trump: “deep disappointment” in barack’s presidency…wants to “make america great again”
rush limbaugh destroys hillary with montage of lies in viral video after she blamed “fake news” for her loss
another win for trump! release of americans jailed in egypt secured by trump administration [video]
did military judge give army deserter bowe bergdahl a slap on the wrist because of president trump?
brave pro-trump reporter grabs microphone at climate march…tells liberal crowd to chant “bill clinton is a rapist!” [video]
breaking: north korea responds to trump threats, crossing trump’s red line
tucker carlson slams vox.com over ‘fake news’
media says trump cannot use anonymous sources, but they can!
airlines immune from price gouging laws in florida, royally screwing evacuees
chilling testimony of brave 7th grader at tx school board meeting: “today i was given an assignment at school that questioned my faith and said that ‘god is not real'” [video]
eric holder encourages doj to keep attacking trump…stunning list of holder scandals reveals why trump needs to drain obama’s corrupt doj swamp
nyc mayor de blasio…putting illegal aliens before the safety of americans: it’s okay to protect illegal alien drunk drivers [video]
watch: conservative redneck tries to kill photographer with suv and gets arrested
donald trump tells security to throw bernie sanders supporter out into the cold without his coats
daily shooter academy: florida woman shot dead by police during ‘roleplay’ drill
president obama humiliates gop as iran releases wapo reporter before nuclear deal goes into effect
historian: trump and his supporters should be arrested for treason if they refuse to accept defeat
texas man ordered to pay $65,000 in child support for kid who isn’t his…after dna test proves he’s not the father
chainsaw mass-acre: this nun is doing more for irma victims than leather-face trump
boiler room – ep #44 – dig, dug, dirt!
told to surrender: former trump campaign manager charged in mueller witch hunt
watch as gop sen. tim scott emotionally details being unfairly targeted by police as a black man
this hilarious cartoon shows what happened just before paul ryan endorsed trump
shocking report: 99.5% of professors from top 50 liberal arts colleges donated to only two presidential candidates
irony alert: cnn host that called trump a “piece of sh*t” eats human brains then hosts throw sh*t at him…threaten to behead him
chicago police caught on camera assaulting black female pastor
don lemon flipped larry wilmore the bird after being utterly humiliated by him publicly
offending the globalists: teen kicked out of un building for wearing bill clinton “rape” shirt [video]
spicer has epic freudian slip during his half-assed apology for hitler comments
give ‘em hell jesse: shouldn’t you democrats start focusing on winning instead of whining? [video]
breaking: video of young obama emerges discussing mentor frank marshall davis’ advice about growing up in a white racist world
georgia republican candidate’s neighborhood blocked off after threatening discovery in mailboxes: “your neighbor karen handel is a dirty fascist”
sheriff won’t enforce gun control law he calls ‘borderline treasonous’
hysterical! liberal tabloid slammed after staged photo of chelsea clinton posted with glowing caption
obama promises huge action in hacking scandal, trump and putin are terrified
awesome! pro-trump latino tells horrors of socialism and why trump’s his candidate [video]
did obama rob fannie & freddie of billions? dr. ben carson’s shocking discovery at hud could be a clue! [video]
trump supporters take out the trash: radicals disrupt rally so pro-trump crowd takes care of business [video]
leftist actress alyssa milano gets blasted on twitter for calling president trump’s “national prayer day” for tx hurricane victims: “national a**hole day”
yes! ted cruz has a great message for the “never trump” crowd and all republicans [video]
breaking! wikileaks email shows bill clinton allegedly sexually abused his 3rd cousin while she babysat chelsea
witness debunks trump’s comey crime allegation, sets trump up for another potential libel lawsuit
watch: last week giants’ odell beckham jr., “peed” on the field, raised a “black power” fist, and kneeled for our national anthem…today, he left the field crying like a baby
chelsea handler hilariously trashes trump’s sons in comparison to president obama’s daughters
queen’s brian may: we don’t want our music used in trump’s ‘unsavory campaign’
giuliani already trying to float excuses for trump to weasel out of future debates
obama’s gal pal loretta lynch won’t recuse herself from crooked hillary’s criminal investigation…despite private meeting with hillary’s impeached husband
preet bharara hilariously trolls donald trump jr. for failing at grade school level spelling
breaking: trump supporters busted by fbi for plotting massive terrorist attack
breaking: mysterious metal object flings out of hillary’s pant leg during apparent convulsion or seizure [video]
watch: joy reid points out that trump doesn’t have the balls to bully his targets in person
prince charles reminds everyone what the 1930s were like – all while taking a shot at trump
jailers left paralyzed man on cell floor for five days before he died
insane video: it’s graduation time…and that means it’s time for our racist first lady to spew hateful lies and rhetoric about racist white america and the mistreatment of blacks
donald trump hints that he might decide not to serve if elected
meals on wheels shuts the lyin’ lefties up with truth after moveon.org’s fake news [video]
watch…tx sheriff warns looters: “think twice before looting…we support the second amendment…you could leave this county in a body bag”
whoa! is george soros secretly funding jill stein’s [hillary’s] recount effort to steal the presidency from trump?
nate silver forecasts an easy win for hillary clinton in new york
nyt’s race-obsessed liberal columnist goes nuts on cnn when conservative pundit touches his arm [video]
trump asks o’reilly, ‘do you think our country is so innocent?’ after pundit calls putin ‘a killer’
how to handle thanksgiving after the 2016 election [video]
leftists call for ivanka trump brand boycott…this huge retailer is sticking with her
watch: kellyanne conway wore out her welcome on cnn as soon as she opened her mouth
watch: ‘the view’ rips trump for not having the balls to apologize for his sexism
busted: leaked documents prove trump took laundered money from russian bank
trump’s election fraud claims just got weirder and more dangerous
boom! dodgers baseball radio legend drops a mid-game rant on socialism [video]
trump got put through a sanity test and it did not end well
fox news just compared slave owners to 9/11 victims. seriously
jerry springer reacts to trump’s debate performance and it’s brilliant (video/tweets)
revealed: how barack obama is funding the “resistance” movement against president trump
nbc insults the hell out of trump with tagline for new ‘celebrity apprentice’
paul ryan “betrayed” a wealthy businessman who’s now running against him
russia-wikileaks conspiracy theory: “clinton claim ridiculous, based on lazy us twitter culture”
petition demanding the electoral college take action to stop trump has just made history
snopes implodes! liberal “fact-checker” turns to gofundme to keep business alive…lol!
father of armed thug killed by milwaukee cop speaks out: blames whites, “they got us killing each other”…blames himself for being bad role model, “your hero is your dad” [video]
dan rather says what every person with a moral compass is thinking regarding sean spicer & trump
war on words: facebook censorship widens, website to curate ‘favored’ news
see how trump wants to screw over minimum wage earners in red states
matt damon says america needs immediate gun ban after making $50 million killing people with guns in popular movie series
trump is right: how immigrants sent a staggering amount of american money back home
disney has a disturbing surprise for kids who watch their top-rated show targeted at kids 6-14 yrs old
trump gives an absolutely jaw-dropping answer to the threat of cyber-attacks
mother of terrorist wearing suicide vest: “did not mean to kill anyone” he was “stressed”
hillary clinton says half her cabinet will be women if elected president
obama takes pity on trump, plans to hold his hand because he is just so damn clueless
house of lies: pedophilia allegations levied against anti-trump actor kevin spacey who has secret history with bill clinton
flashback video: al sharpton assaults fox news reporter for asking baltimore mayor why she allowed thugs loot and burn down businesses
u.s. inauguration: historic day marks beginning of renewed ‘america first’ era
did ups secretly fly “refugees” into u.s. from the middle east? watch governor chris christie’s shocking interview with bill o’reilly
obama regime agrees to cut deal with iran that further threatens our national security
john oliver successfully turns trump’s ‘plan’ for a wall into a pile of decaying pig sh*t
watch: racist fox host celebrates the ‘good news’ that black votes are down
mom and 3 young daughters wearing shorts, t-shirts stabbed in french resort town by moroccan man for being “scantily dressed”…”the religious motive of the attack is in no doubt”
democratic senator joins #theresistance: says trump stole obama’s scotus seat
liberal imperium: quigley’s anglo-american establishment – jay dyer
teen records himself abusing girl: ‘this is what you do when people act up’
richard dreyfuss uses gma interview to troll dick cheney, the host never saw it coming
cnn cancels popular dr drew show after he tells viewers he’s “gravely concerned ” about hillary’s health [video]
not every hollywood actor approved of meryl streep’s anti-trump rant last night…check out vince vaughn and mel gibson’s reactions
scotus won’t uphold nc’s voter suppression law and mccrory’s whining like a spoiled brat about it
air force will ease policy on discharging transgenders
usa! usa! usa! troops cheer president trump during visit to yokota air base in japan [video]
racist, islamophobic hotel clerk has unarmed man brutally arrested for speaking arabic
henningsen: ‘us anti-trump protests similar to soros color revolutions abroad’
trump terrified of losing, now he’s even running away from sean hannity
nothing about those 50,000 jobs from japan is what trump says it is
president obama just put republicans in their place with 36 words from the constitution
iran announces reason for arresting us sailors…they were teaching congress a lesson?
boiler room ep #82 – mind-boggling collusion
watch: teacher caught on video calling trump t-shirts “swastika”…demands students turn them inside out
obama supporter, mayor jim fouts allegedly caught on tape trashing mentally disabled: they’re “retards”…”not even human beings” should be “put in cages” [audio]
gop congressmen storm out of meeting when fellow republican bashes homosexuality
west virginia coal miners send a clear message to hillary clinton after she “stabs them in the back” [video]
bravo! ted cruz to introduce bill to help trump keep one of his biggest campaign promises to americans
breaking: fl muslim terrorist worked for security company who quietly transports and releases van loads of illegal aliens away from border for u.s. government
trump doesn’t want his supporters to know his real stance on gun-free zones
she grew up believing blacks could only support democrats…until she took a job with acorn: watch the incredible story of a woman who took on obama’s leftist machine [video]
nyt fact-checked donald in real-time and it was glorious
terrorist jon ritzheimer uses sobbing daughters to beg for money before turning himself in
michigan state police chief under fire for sharing meme on social media about nfl players anti-cop movement
another prominent republican declares: ‘i will not be voting for donald trump’
“teflon” trump wins support from unlikely groups of voters
nothing new: ‘fake’ & weaponized news has long haunted our war-weary world
former secretary of defense has some scathing words for “unqualified and unfit” trump
president trump’s illegal immigrant crackdown begins…feds conduct raids in at least 6 states with focus on finding and deporting criminals [video]
orlando mass shooting & the accelerated police state – uk column – june 13, 2016
l.a. cop accidentally shoots himself while chasing suspect
priceless! sen chuck schumer’s childish stunt to bash senate healthcare bill backfires [video]
numbers prove trump a liar: record job growth will be the legacy of obama administration
conservative firebrand ann coulter destroys delta airlines on twitter for kicking her out of reserved seat
donald trump’s latest namesake has bad hair and small genitals, but it flies
holy muslim indoctrination! sesame street introduces hijab wearing muppet
trump said ‘ask the family’ of a benghazi victim about clinton’s judgment, so someone did
this simple graph blows the ‘media has a liberal bias’ myth completely out of the water
fox host shatters conservative claim that bathroom bills are needed to stop predators
elizabeth warren desecrates trump at la raza: ‘born with cash in his fist and hate in his heart’
black caucus just broke it down for paul ryan: time to get rid of nunes as intel committee chair
high road! martin luther king iii meets with trump: ‘time to move forward’ [video]
breaking: two russian navy spy ships operating off u.s. coast…white house computers are hacked by russians
update: [video] bomb squad investigating “substance” found in backpack…breaking: faisal mohammad is named as student who stabbed 4 students with “large hunting knife” on ca campus
comrades in liberal mi college town filled with medical marijuana stores ignore state law to punish legal tobacco users [video]
watch life accordion to trump! [video]
activist trolls republicans for their phony condolences over orlando shooting
ca democrats have solution to massive health care costs…assisted suicide
even trump-supporting gopers are railing against comey for influencing the election
how obama could temporarily fill the vacancy left by justice scalia with a radical leftist judge
former nsa whistleblower: ‘trump absolutely right he was wiretapped’
the new york daily news brutally rips rudy giuliani for forgetting 9/11
trump gets his a** handed to him by marlee matlin for calling deaf people ‘retarded’
colbert outs republicans as the true weirdos for obsessing over who goes to the bathroom
watch: 10-yr old boy offers to mow white house lawn…president trump accepts…invites him to white house
redux 1963? the deep state vs donald trump
conspiracy time: why trump thinks fox news is working for hillary
texas diner owner annihilated over horribly racist mlk day lunch special
breaking #mayday : journalist attacked for asking may day protesters why they’re carrying north korean flag [video]
is resignation of fbi director imminent, as obama appears to be protecting hillary from prosecution?
trump’s doj chooses sides in supreme court case of baker who refused to make cake for gay wedding
[video] they burned down cities…14 yr old doused a non-white baltimore business owner with lighter fluid, lit him on fire…barack obama thanked them yesterday
sean spicer refused to define ‘betrayal’ so the merriam-webster dictionary did it for him
they knew! donna brazile blows dnc secret wide open: exposes sickening reason dnc remained silent after russians hacked their emails
he finally came out and said it: trump calls protesters as bad as nazis
ted nugent insults women everywhere by disgustingly listing why men prefer guns
failed gop candidates remembered in hilarious mocking eulogies
president trump: nancy pelosi is helping to eliminate democrat party…”i think she’s incompetent” [video]
breaking: fbi agents under investigation for shooting death of patriot, levoy finicum [video]
the n-word flies as racists attack 49er’s quarterback for protesting police treatment of blacks
“bill clinton is a rapist” movement explodes…watch awesome truth-tellers hijack mainstream media, leftist cable audiences with brutal message [video]
wow! ivanka trump was the best speech yet at the rnc! [video]
israeli military general compares israel to nazi germany at holocaust remembrance day event
authorities allowed nyc chain migration terrorist to stop interrogation several times to pray after admitting he was triggered by christmas posters
veteran spy: trump trading secret info with russians
gop lawmaker blames obama for staging racist mayhem in charlottesville
radical ny attorney general cracking down on conservatism…working to make opposing the left a crime
38% of trump supporters wish south had won civil war and other disgusting findings in new poll
hillary clinton’s ‘presidency’ has already begun as lame ducks promote her war on syria
wealthy man passes away, leaves millions to open ohio animal shelter
dem presidential candidate asks: what if right-wing domestic terrorists were black, muslim?
u.s. corporations plead with trump on front page of ny times: don’t abandon paris deal
thousands of tea party targeting emails found: judicial watch president: “corruption at the irs is astounding”
yelp fires employee after her brutal complaint about low wages goes viral (tweets/images)
the cast of hamilton had an extraordinary message for mike pence after their audience booed him
how muslim immigrants have destroyed britain’s priceless heritage: [video] why generations of brit’s will pay dearly for their naive “open arms” policy for muslim immigrants
breaking report: german reporter embedded with isis reveals plan for “nuclear tsunami” in west…”terrorists plan on killing several hundred million people”
global forecasting service rates trump as high threat to world security and economic stability
the left loses again: third quarter economic estimate explodes!
government gone wild: sell a cookie, go to jail [video]
whoa! medical expert watching debate exposes another telltale sign hillary likely has parkinson’s disease [video]
president trump to cbs this morning: “i have no relationship with barack obama” [video]
busted! obama and hillary lied: former hostage reveals proof the $400 million dollars was ransom given to iran [video]
oops! absolutely no one showed up for nyc debut of beyonce’s clothing line…is her radical super bowl performance to blame?
mlk and two others will be on the back of the $5 bill
legendary actor kurt russell hammers anti-gun interviewer: “absolutely insane” to believe more gun control will curb terrorist attacks
president obama strikes back at trump’s idiotic slogan, and it’s beyond perfect
seth rich murder has chilling similarities to clinton body count victims
#dnc gives anti-hillary dems free speech cage outside convention [video]
ep #16: patrick henningsen live – ‘official washington madness’ with guest robert parry
top obama official: we find illegal aliens but here’s why we don’t deport them [video]
breaking! shocking video from charlotte riots: “the situation is out of control!”
muslim brotherhood affiliate invited to obama’s state of the union…will this terror group also be invited?
obama undermines america…plans to slash nuclear stockpiles…again
wow! tomi lahren blasts liberal media for trying to label conservative news as “fake”…”evolve or die mainstream media” [video]
epipen price gouging ceo tries to explain away price increase: “fasts are inconvenient to headlines” [video]
former wh comm. director: trump’s ‘pivot’ ruined by ‘trotting out conspiracy theories within hours’
oliver stone: pokémon go is ‘surveillance capitalism’ for a robotic society
trump praises putin while tweeting about a nuclear arms race
trump once again demonstrates why his russia scandal should be investigated
cnn hosts panic when congressman, lawyer says feds need to investigate seth rich murder during russia-trump collusion discussion [video]
not kidding: call a transexual “he” if he wants to be called “she” in communist nyc…pay staggering $250,000 fine
update: wikileaks clinton document dump back on!
the merriam-webster dictionary just savaged trump for his f*cking terrible spelling
whoa! ebt card denied so woman goes on a rampage in store [video]
watch: bill nye predicts ‘big trouble’ after trump silences government scientists
9 year old stands up for first amendment right after being banned from wearing “make america great again” hat to school
breaking: right wing supreme court justice found dead
hillary shares pro-illegal manifesto: plans to open borders, create taxpayer funded agency to give illegals amnesty
the ladies of ‘the view’ just steamrolled trump’s campaign manager, and it’s glorious
sean spicer just said the dumbest thing about obama’s ‘fourth term’ in office
turncoat democrats break ranks, back trump on stolen scotus seat
this is great! anti-hillary street art pops up everywhere in brooklynhillary clinton’s supporters were calling certain words used to describe her as sexist. words like entitled, ambitious, and secretive… the area around hillary’s campaign headquarters was plastered with this:
ted nugent just posted the most racist f*cking thing you have ever seen
10 yr old boy repeatedly raped by male muslim migrants…swedish cops trying to rescue boy are chased away [video]
watch ted cruz promise to support trump if he became nominee…today, cruz (hillary) supporters run ads against trump in swing states [video]
fox news’ attack on bernie sanders hilariously blows up in their faces
trump just tweeted the fbi to show them a fox news story because of course
hysterical…the democrat convention schedule is revealed
democrat rep: i can’t wait for trump to “hang himself”…”we should just let him do that” [video]
why this democrat stronghold county voted for trump…and why they’ll vote for him again: “he’s a fighter…nobody’s gonna push him into a corner” [video]
hamilton distraction: trump gets away with lying about his insane debt to this nation
comey just laid out the two reasons putin supported trump over clinton and both are damning
goldman sachs chairman thinks uk needs more migrants to avoid appearance of racism…while shocking new video tells another story
‘go back to your own country’: right-wing bigot shoots man in fit of anti-immigrant rage
tucker carlson asks how hypocrite maxine waters affords $4.3 million mansion after 40 yrs in congress
trump and republicans show unbelievable stupidity in recent election poll
wow! dennis miller nails it: “the gop is now chipotle! you’re making your customers sick!” [video]
vote for a democrat in this state…get a prize! does anyone care that democrats are stealing our election?
chilling: how america looks after 8 long years with an anti-american president
gop lobbyist takes a completely unexpected step in order to take down trump
van jones has powerful conversation with trump supporters about the possibility of civil war
wow! chicago residents blast “democratic machine” for ruining the city…”they want you to think donald trump is the problem…white and black democrats are doing this to us” [video]
former navy seal and harvard grad “body-slams” #fakenews cnn host [video]
gop anti-trumpers have a hail mary idea to stop trump that just might work
tucker carlson confronts nasty activist: “i’m not saying what you did is illegal…it’s awful” [video]
trump wets his pants over bob corker again, corker alerts the white house daycare staff
man walks off job with buffalo bills after 30 years after nfl players disrespect “our veterans that fight and die for us”
cnn calls it: a democrat will represent alabama in the senate for the first time in 25 years
watch: morning joe hosts horrified by trump adviser’s ignorance of constitution
obama was right about gun owners: here’s what the nra doesn’t want you to know
(video) chicago thug president goes after trump for “outrageous attacks”
“moderate” muslims gather around to watch new way isis will publicly slaughter infidels
reagan’s son slams trump: if my father was alive he wouldn’t vote for gop nominee
ninety-year-old senator finds love again, this time with a man
trudeau humiliates trump, openly prefers to speak to other u.s. officials instead
trump said some insanely racist stuff inside the oval office, and witnesses back it up
how the clinton foundation ripped off haiti…stunning video that exposes america’s most selfish couple
ron paul on burns oregon standoff and jury nullification for the hammond family
germany election bombshell: open borders angela merkel clobbered at polls…party that suggested germany may need to start shooting migrants at border wins by double digits
judge jeanine pirro: “trump leak was a clinton setup” [video]
satanists endorse a candidate for president and it’s a perfect fit!
clinton surges past donald trump in kansas by 7 points
bam! three things ufc’s dana white respects about donald trump [video]
just in: fcc votes to repeal obama’s net neutrality rules after bomb threat clears room
trump desperate for celebrities to perform at his inauguration, so he’s doing this
bombshell: trump’s presidential campaign is nearly broke, it’s going to be a bloodbath
russian tv host just admitted russia elected trump
russian lobbyist blows jeff sessions’ story right out of the water
comedian lena dunham warned hillary’s campaign “harvey weinstein’s a rapist”…what clinton’s campaign did next is disgusting
‘tehran tom’ cotton says the u.s. justice system is ‘anglo-american’ and we don’t jail enough
troll congresswoman wants you to sell your guns to the government
trump: everything you heard me say on the access hollywood tape never happened
navy seals forced to abort american hostage rescue effort…obama too busy golfing on martha’s vineyard to approve mission
the american energy success story obama won’t tell the world
not hillary’s turn: lib publications are saying hillary will lose to old white socialist, bernie sanders in primary
‘kaep– kaep– kaepernick’…pelosi fumbles while defending nfl kneelers [video]
members: ep #5 – drive by wire: ‘taxi to the un’ with patrick and matt lee
obama unleashes hundreds of intelligence agents to “protect elections” from outside forces…hacker known as “guccifer 2.0” warns of threat “from inside the system”
trump retweets article that destroyed him, and he was too dumb to know it
dyer: ‘la times ‘fake news’ article is an attack on independent media’
americans are laughing at michael moore when they see dates he chose for democrats to “rise up!” and “storm” offices of senators
walmart will melt class rings with confederate flag: [video] refuses to fulfill order for arkansas woman…will refund payment
trump makes another racist joke about mexicans and it’s worse than ever
hillary responds to bernie calling her unqualified, and it’s kinda perfect
churchgoers trapped inside cathedral after man hits police officer guarding church in head with hammer…authorities calling it act of terror [video]
‘he feels great’: spicer says trump not concerned taxpayers pay for mar-a-lago trips
trump whines that the media wouldn’t film his crowd in alabama – cnn makes a fool out of him
watch: senate dems hold 24-hour debate marathon as last stand against devos confirmation
farrakhan devotee, cop hater and rapper, ‘killer mike’ to speak at sold out event at prestigious mit university
finally! the 538 electoral college members cast ballots today…what you need to know about the process
thug anniversary gets violent in ferguson: cellphone captures shocking video of protester blocking traffic being mowed down by car…shots erupt [video]
boom! senator lindsey graham: i have reason to believe clinton camp and doj colluded on hillary investigation [video]
incompetent trump begged thanksgiving guests for advice on who should be secretary of state
a look inside north korea’s lavish underground nuclear bunker…is this why kim jong un is unafraid of nuclear conflict? [video]
hawaii republicans punish female party leader for criticizing trump at women’s march
donald trump gets schlonged by his own ghost writer, who refuses to vote for him
another trump adviser under investigation for russian ties
watch as trump gatecrashes glenn beck’s cruz caucus event in nevada
trump spokesperson delivers epic case against a hillary presidency: “no one has done more to sell out our government…” [video]
trump is trying to make it illegal for groups of people he’s screwed to sue him
obama’s race war: hateful images emerge of clash between kkk and black panthers in sc…one viral photo offers america hope
watch: trump will hate this video that reveals what he really thinks about women
angry leftist caught on video stealing student’s trump hat…demands school makes him stop wearing hat: “f*** your f***ing freedom of speech, boy!”
mother of 7 yr old charged with “endangerment” for allowing child to play in park across street from home unsupervised for an hour
cowardly chain migration terrorist who entered us during obama’s second term, mocked president trump just before failing to blow himself up
black trump supporter goes on tirade over cnn’s support for radical islam at #marchagainstsharia [video]
here’s how crooked hillary deleted the “money trail” of millions in e-mails
over 60% of republican voters are embarrassed by ‘childish’ trump/cruz slap fight
bombshell biography: “self-obsessed” barack obama asked white girlfriend to marry him…dated her while engaged to michelle
cnn host utterly embarrasses trump lackey who refuses to believe trump is losing
this chart captures every sexist slur trump supporters tweeted at megyn kelly
liberal media gets hammered at rally by trump supporters chanting: “tell the truth!” [video]
billionaire richard branson breaks silence about trump, exposes truth about his ‘temperament’
loudmouth rosie o’donnell just bullied the wrong trump: outraged melania threatens lawsuit after rosie pushes false video on twitter about 10 yr old barron
cnn cuts feed of gop rep scott taylor when he cites new fbi report showing 30% of domestic terror cases involve refugees
brother of famous actress pretends to be black to get into med school
with irma about to strike florida, trump begs for donations to his re-election campaign
prison pork ban: we have great news for prisoners but bad news for pigs
oops: trump just accidentally confirmed he leaked israeli intelligence to russia
two senators say no to moving muslim terrorists from guantanamo bay to their states
“the trump curse is real”…social media responds to lindsey vonn’s olympic loss, after saying she’d boycott white house if she won medal
obama invites david letterman, will ferrell and other leftist celebrities to extravagant nordic state dinner for purpose of sending “strong message” to putin
watch the harrowing video of the israeli military executing a palestinian
fox host loses it, expertly rips trump’s ‘buy american’ policy apart
urban terrorists: horrific new video emerges of huge mob dragging and beating white man from inside baltimore liquor store to street
bannon allies: breitbart return imminent, gear up for war on trump’s ‘democrat white house’
richest man in the world puts trump in his place on donating to charity
just in: trump gives slap down to press over flynn guilty plea as he’s leaving the white house [video]
david duke never endorsed trump: “the media in this country is absolutely disgusting”
this is rich! aclu wants investigation into hollywood sexism
the gop senate just set a huge trap for trump; he’ll be screwed no matter what he does
the secret behind america’s love affair with trump [video]
breaking: north korea detains american student for “hostile act”
megyn kelly laughably claims fox news does not have a right-wing bias
ambassador chris stevens’ fiancé speaks out about hillary leaving him to die: “if he was a friend, you don’t let a friend down” [video]
outrageous! memphis votes to dig up confederate general and wife
trump’s list of ‘unreported terror attacks’ appears to have been written by drunk monkeys
donna brazile finally admits to giving hillary questions before debate…will media hold crooked hillary accountable for accepting questions? [video]
forget about russia…here’s what’s really affecting our elections: pro-hillary detroit city clerk…hired illiterate poll workers and more
this nra commercial is so stupid it will melt your brain
san juan mayor’s “nasty” secret reveals real reason she criticized comments made by president trump’s dhs secretary
broke: democrat party wants $20 million taxpayer dollars
[video] should rinos and democrats fear trump’s presidential bid? “i would build a great, great wall on our southern border and make mexico pay for it”
bernie sanders lets chuck todd know if he’s willing to be vice president
wow! barbara bush will be keynote speaker for baby-killing planned parenthood fundraiser
holy f*ck: trump had to be forced to say he hasn’t sexually assaulted women
ever wonder what 10,000 people screaming ‘f*ck donald trump’ sounds like?
good news for silver in 2017
tomi lahren’s rant against anti-trump rioters goes viral: “a bunch of sore losers gathered together isn’t a protest, it’s a tantrum” [video]
hillary cheated! who really fed hillary the answers to her questions at veteran’s forum?
class act: watch betsy devos respond while students at black college yell, heckle, turn backs on her during commencement speech [video]
bernie sanders just dropped a bomb on debbie wasserman-schultz that could end her career
tucker carlson rips into pro-refugee leader: “you’re taking money by force…through the tax code” [video]
dirty jobs’ mike rowe: great opportunities out there that people don’t know exist [video]
hud asks for $4 billion more after spending millions on lobbying congress???
sheriff clarke blasts liberal crybaby lawyer: “there are dead cops because of fake news story [‘hands up don’t shoot’] out of ferguson, missouri” [video]
phony hillary pulls the woman card at jay-z/beyonce gig: “we have a glass ceiling to crack…” [video]
trump literally stops the gop debate to inform us all about the size of his penis
savage anti-trump protesters knock out innocent man at portland airport: “that’s right nazi boy!” [video]
fox news freefall? bill o’reilly loses kids for allegedly choking wife…trump hater, megyn kelly swims in hollywood cesspool
mexican illegal alien deported 19 times arrested for raping 13 yr old girl in kansas
whoa! did donald trump just imply obama is working on behalf of muslim terrorists? [video]
oops! video shows senator mccain saying he’ll fight to repeal and replace obamacare only 9 months ago: “we have to scrap it entirely and start over”
(video) this will make your day! chicago mayor emanuel rushed out of hostile budget meeting
report: “toxic” megyn kelly just got bad news from fox news after disastrous start at nbc
trump decides that starvation should be a central theme of his budget
trump administration just pressured argentina into not honoring jimmy carter with an award
trump just praised republicans for stripping healthcare from millions and got torched by pissed off americans
sabo…the most badass conservative artist in america will be on tucker carlson tonight…why you don’t want to miss it! [video]
black american on how i became a republican: “if you’re voting’ democrat, it’s cuz you want the (food) stamps…get your a*s up and get to work, ******* make america great again” [video]
oops! [video] flashback to when carly fiorina made fun of a female political opponent’s appearance
breaking: mitt romney to craft apology to trump? signals serious interest in cabinet position [video]
hillary clinton finally makes history…but it’s not the kind of history she was hoping to make
chelsea clinton has a little advice for sean spicer after he defends hitler
leftist babysitting service allows parents to riot, protest, bully trump supporters while kids are indoctrinated at home
black woman in charleston warns “there’s gonna be a race war against ‘cracka’s'”
wow! chuck todd goes after nasty chuck schumer: opposition to trump nominee “looks politically petty” [video]
twitter just banned martin shkreli for cyberstalking an anti-trump teen vogue writer
chris wallace calls out jill stein: ‘where do you get off saying the american people need a recount?’ [video]
breaking: san francisco sheriff that released kate steinle murderer loses in a landslide
fbi files revealed: valerie jarrett’s family ties to communism run deep
the obama legacy: worst economic growth of all 13 post-wwii presidents [video]
outrageous report: epa’s wasteful spending on “performance bonuses” is bad but the pr campaign spending will blow your mind
watch how white supremacists are working to win the iowa caucus for trump
you can’t make this up: black man wins $1.6 million after suing black owned restaurant for…wait for it…favoring hispanics
wow! black dallas police sergeant sues obama, hillary, george soros, sharpton, black lives matter and more for inciting race war
terror fears keeping tourists away from open borders paris…costs economy €1.3 billion [shocking videos]
watch: bernie sanders makes major announcement at rally and thousands go crazy
is spicer flap a cover for media to tie up white house in global affairs and scuttle trump’s domestic agenda?
report: nine officials reveal trump admin lied about talking to russia about easing sanctions
two words obama’s doj has been hiding from orlando terrorist’s 911 call
ted cruz ends his campaign by elbowing his wife in the face
[video] dumb and dumber star bashes trump…use worst examples of female leaders to promote hillary
will taylor swift “bestie” and leftist who lied about being raped by a republican ruin her wholesome image?
(video) hispanic woman speaks up and gives best defense of donald trump ever!
epic! check out the t-shirts two guys wore behind hillary during a town hall
congratulations, republicans, you got played
the cast of ‘will & grace’ just shredded trump in hilarious musical spoof
trump sets the record straight: slams nyt then tweets directly to supporters
crooked hillary’s campaign manager won’t rule out 2020 run for president…she’s focused on tackling worldwide challenges right now…lol!
watch: establishment republican pollster tries desperately to turn alabama voters against roy moore…gets big surprise
gop senator compares obama to ‘drug dealer’
facebook now decides what is branded fake news
republican senator prays for god to kill obama as soon as possible: ‘let his children be fatherless’
watch: eric trump gets called out on fox news for claiming his dad started with nothing
boom! smug newspaper editors endorse hillary…phone lines blow up with subscription cancellations
how mexico could actually benefit from a trump presidency
‘big bang theory’ actor tears trump to pieces
gut wrenching: obama meets with rappers to discuss criminal justice reform…doublespeak for pardoning criminals, investigating cops
king obama plans to finish term traveling around the world
this hilarious campaign ad shows voters how they can avoid scandalous elected officials
who was the most “googled” candidate during the gop primary debate?
watch: nancy pelosi comes unglued! calls a pie chart “a pie crust”…doesn’t know difference between 1.4 billion dollars “1.4 trillion dollars”
muslim activists launch voter registration drive, as they know 2016 election will decide america’s future
president trump? masked nationalists beat up refugee children
watch: msnbc panel explains terrifying reason why trump is dangerous for listening to racist conspiracy nuts
hidden camera shows how illegal aliens steal jobs from americans…how they really feel about competing with american citizens for jobs [video]
group with terror ties encourages muslims to swing u.s. presidential elections: “turn your islamic centers, mosques into registration centers for voters”
trump supporters storm maxine waters town hall…demand entry after being denied…”let us in!” [video]
lol! politico publishes article blaming trump and his supporters for horrific violence committed against them
newt gingrich punches back at democrats with mega doses of truth on the bogus russia scandal: “this is a cultural civil war” [video]
ohio cop suspended after disgusting facebook post celebrating suicide of #blacklivesmatter activist (image/video)
john mccain’s opponent sees donations pour in after mccain blamed obama for orlando
watch bill maher absolutely shred trump for trying to clean up his image
donald trump attacked clinton’s ‘stamina’ and her response was absolutely brilliant
tucker carlson slams arrogant illegal alien guest: “you don’t have a right to demand anything!” [video]
see george stephanopoulos’ reaction when hillary says she’s ignorant about 9/11 legislation
did obama commit a felony when he sent $400 million to iran? [video]
revealed: trump was a creepy pervert with pregnant women
rush limbaugh asks: “what would america be like today if president obama had told the truth about what happened in ferguson?”
ted cruz gets confronted by a furious trump supporter and it doesn’t go well
keith olbermann buries trump for whining about recount efforts
americans gloriously mock trump after he brags about how little tv he watches
wikileaks: no stamina? hillary’s aide asked to cut speech due to lack of podium…to lean on
cnn demonstration backfires: is trump drinking 12 diet cokes a day “super crazy harmful”? [video]
armed trump supporters ‘stand their ground’ outside female dem. candidate’s campaign office for 12 hours
new email leaks show how colin powell really felt about “friend” hillary: “greedy, not transformational…with a husband who’s still d#*king bimbos at home”
watch: mitt romney announces run for senate…bashes trump with immigration lie [video] #mittromney
hannity interview with julian assange: wikileaks source is not the russian government
reality check: new iowa poll shows bernie in the lead; second iowa poll shows hillary leading
boiler room ep #117 – straight outta tavistock & the woke af zombie apocalypse
trump appoints michele bachmann to evangelical ‘advisory’ board
dan rather just took republicans to the woodshed for passing horrible healthcare bill
oops! mn: juror in case against cop who killed philando castile reveals how only 2 black jurors on case voted…liberal heads explode in 3…2…1
wow! hillary clinton wants new york, florida and california to decide presidential elections [video]
trump just praised fox news’ ratings and attacked cnn again then got crushed by twitter
watch: patriots fans boo players who disrespect our national anthem…shout “stand up!” at players taking a knee
how trump’s latest move could give america 4 years of bernie or hillary
watch: wife of trump’s doc goes batsh*t crazy on cnn, threatens to call cops
busted: declassified memo shows rumsfeld’s lies about wmds were worse than we thought
comedy gold! dr ben carson’s comment to liberal democrat…funny! [video]
why are we importing hate and intolerance? u.s.has imported over 674,000 migrants from countries who execute gays
law enforcement on high alert following threats against cops and whites on 9-11by #blacklivesmatter and #fyf911 terrorists [video]
trump planning ‘football stadium rallies’ in red states to push trumpcare through
names revealed of top donor and popular actress behind disgusting leftist latino tv ad depicting white man running down minority kids with truck
great answer! sean spicer asked to name cnn reporter who ‘did good work’ during his time in the trump administration
breaking news: reince priebus gone! trump tweets replacement
oregon: feds cover-up foul play in finicum death, feds’ shell casings ‘have gone missing’
wow! california supreme court case decides ‘right to vote on taxes’
obama throws gasoline on black terrorists war on cops: “the moment is here”
boom! mexican american trump supporter explains difference between illegal and legal citizens: “she (hillary) is a criminal” [video]
hilarious! white house totally punks rabid liberal msnbc host rachel maddow, after she announces bombshell release of trump taxes on tonight’s show
abc news suspend anchor brian ross over fake news report on trump-flynn ‘russian collusion’
michelle obama makes the white house garden permanent, so racists called her a ‘gorilla’
darpa spending $62 million to create military cyborgs
breaking news: leftist media publishes major fake russian story again…special counsel mueller never subpoenaed trump’s deutsche bank records
hot topic: when exactly does a ‘bundle of cells’ become a human being? [video]
trump’s epa admin guilty of lying to congress during his confirmation – republicans silent
rnc’s head of hispanic outreach to step down because….trump
b*tch of benghazi wins democrat nomination” i’m encouraged by extraordinary conviction” of her supporters
responsible gun owner shoots himself after ‘accidentally’ killing friend
nc gop judge leaves bench in disgust, gives corrupt gop legislature a massive f-you
cnn’s hostile treatment of congresswoman tulsi gabbard after revealing us are arming, funding terrorists in syria
crony corrupt politics: obama admin blocked fbi from doing a clinton foundation investigation
what the heck happened to the 2006 secure border fence act?
behold, donald trump’s 4th-grader response to obama’s ‘zero f*cks left’ state of the union
[video] baltimore mayor to police: “let them loot…it’s only property” police demoralized after being unable to respond to 9-11 calls from terrorized business owners
advisers leak what trump does when he sees russia scandal on tv — it’s really, really weird
kid rock’s interview with piers morgan sheds light on why democrats fear his run for u.s. senate [video]
former defense secretaries expose obama as “inexperienced” and “overbearing” [video]
federal judge just gave attorney general jeff sessions a huge f*ck you
why this american feels safer with an isis flag than a confederate flag on his front porch
boycott! amazon’s jeff bezos hires 20 to take down trump…trump fires back! [video]
trump tweets chicago murder stats, demands that mayor let him handle it
episode #152 – sunday wire: ‘from ground zero to syria’ with guests tom duggan, jay dyer, shawn helton
fox news defends the confederacy after right-wing militia seizes federal building
don’t believe media lies…wildly unpopular hillary gives speech in nh…here are uncensored facebook users responses from live feed…lol!
must watch video: obama tries to trash trump but turns into a babbling mess [video]
thailand threatens to prosecute facebook over embarrassing video showing king walking through mall in yellow crop top, covered in tattoos [video]
pelosi attacks ivanka trump in unhinged rant: “we’re not here to talk about the president’s family, but the fact is…” [video]
trump is now officially increasing the chance of a nuclear incident according to this report
clay aiken says he was a ‘f*****g dumbass’ for thinking trump wasn’t racist
flashback: nancy pelosi to adopted woman: your mom should have had the choice to abort you [video]
how malia obama’s pot smoking friend is connected to her father…and why this thug with brutal criminal history is now in trouble with the law
u.s. news and world report publishes list of top 10 most popular nations where refugees want to live
ag jeff sessions warns leakers…taking steps to stop the leaks that “hurt our country” [video]
gap apologizes for “offensive image” after blacktivists use social media to attack ad…but here’s dirty secret race agitators aren’t sharing
breaking: acting fbi director mccabe contradicts white house, says russian probe will continue
irony: [video] flag stompin’ rapper, lil wayne starts fight at “stop the violence” fundraiser
live stream: donald trump full economic plan speech at noon est…this’ll make liberal heads explode! [video]
angela merkel brilliantly trashed trump yesterday, and his response is beyond pathetic
hillary clinton calls for federal effort to restoring voting rights to felons
real-time debate graph shows trump crushed hillary with independent voters…a must watch!
obama’s final 6 months…racist, desperate, congressional black caucus plans gun-control antics on house floor: “be as disruptive as possible to speaker ryan”
(video) congressman gohmert lets it rip on boehner: ‘dictatorship for years!’
trump-supporting kkk members charged with attempted murder after vicious assault
investigation launched: second trespasser may have been near president trump in u.s. capitol [video]
gop chairman freaks out over this trump decision that will lose the election
embarrassing: pro-gun control reporter attempts hit job on ar-15’s…claims he got “temporary ptsd”…viewers respond: “if you have a man card turn it in immediately” [video]
what fbi’s comey just revealed should disqualify hillary clinton for any public office! [video]
trump royally blindsided his own national security team with last second change in nato speech
karma! ag jeff sessions fires obama-appointed doj lawyer who targeted dinesh d’souza
trump’s love of dictators continues – now he’s praising saddam hussein
trump staffers are so terrified of trump that they’re using secret chat app to avoid his wrath
breaking: you’re fired! fbi director james comey out!
guantanamo jihadist freed after murder of sfc christopher speer
former insurance ceo drops massive truth bomb about obamacare repeal – republicans will hate this
this one tweet nails similarity between orlando shooter and all-american christian ‘values’
clinton family refuses to return ‘dirty’ harvey weinstein’s money…you won’t believe why
mcdonald’s manager to hispanic customer: ‘can you spell deportation?’
you’re not in europe anymore: group of “rapefugees” expelled from norway are beaten by russian mob for harassing girls
federal lawsuit filed against trump over financial disclosure
college students asked to sign a petition canceling christmas…did they agree? [video]
principal’s reason for not allowing this picture to appear in yearbook has dad steaming mad
invited pop star says she’ll perform at trump inauguration only if she can sing song about lynching blacks
laura ingraham: gop senators in private meeting “laughed out loud at the idea that trump’s border wall would ever be built”
islamic terrorist organization joins obama and friends to condemn trump’s ‘no new muslim immigrants’ position
unhinged pelosi: it’s “outrageous” that republicans blame dems for shooting: “somewhere in the 90’s the republicans went on the politics of personal destruction” [video]
damning new evidence shows cop who murdered unarmed st. louis man likely planted gun
breaking: watch cops shut down portland punk protesters blocking traffic [video]
painfully stupid trump fan thanks god and ‘trumpcare’ for her lower healthcare costs under obamacare
breaking: us supreme court upholds u. of tx-austin admissions ability to choose black, hispanic students before white, asian students
wow! new email (pictured) uncovered shows hillary telling top aide it’s a ‘good idea’ to lie
bill clinton loses it, goes off on heckler insulting obamacare
trump invites friend who called for hillary to be shot to hang out, take seflies in white house
“traitor in chief” warns congress…shut down prison with muslim terrorists or i’ll stop funding military [video]
four top law firms refuse to represent deadbeat trump in russia probe
[video] rudy giuliani: “outrageous” beyoncé gets police escort to super bowl…uses halftime show to trash cops and promote racial tension
boom! camping world ceo tells trump supporters to shop elsewhere…nascar legend cancels $150,000 order
office of government ethics orders white house to punish kellyanne conway for breaking law
mother of 7 yr old charged with “endangerment” for allowing child to play in park across street from home unsupervised for an hour
a must see! the baltimore riot story in one big picture
mark zuckerberg’s perfect facebook comment to grandmother proves he’s a badass feminist
huffington post publishes, then deletes “trump is absolutely right about sweden” article…but oops! it was archived…and we’re happy to share its brutally honest content with you!
obama tells reporters that he gives zero f*cks about hillary’s email ‘scandal’
pass the popcorn: bill clinton “incensed” by news of biden run for president
is hillary about to be “berned?”…obama tells donors to back hillary…but can hillary win without the “free college” voters?
former navy seal and harvard grad “body-slams” #fakenews cnn host [video]
(video) fox’s dana perino goes ballistic on trump’s immigration plan exposing her bush favoritism
chicago trump rally cancelled: radicals and blm came out to riot against the free speech of anyone but them
breaking: comey just shut down trump’s tweeted lies in real time during hearing
(video) you’ll be proud! one veteran remained after flag burning event in nyc to take care of business
12 yr. old videotapes a public service announcement for the low information voter
powerful: a rape survivor explains why men should never be allowed in women’s bathrooms and locker rooms
trump shocked as new poll reveals the future of trumpcare; it’s worse than you thought
jimmy fallon tested donald trump’s hair and it was just gross
howard dean just doubled down on trump’s possible cocaine use
fox news ‘expert’ will now be a prison expert for the next three years
major ad vendor bans breitbart for hate speech, trump livid
obama is giving your money to illegal aliens to start businesses…you won’t believe where those businesses are located [video]
new york daily news cover savages white house for spicer’s hitler gaffe
mainstream media ignores massive protest against obama’s sweetheart deal for corporations: “biggest protest this country has seen for many, many years”
breaking: obama’s race war part ii…brawl breaks out in front of sc statehouse over confederate flag
wow! dem rep keith ellison blames obama for huge democrat losses: he’s “put his legacy in jeopardy” [video]
[video] gay actress tries to ambush ted cruz at iowa picnic…cruz turns the argument around in a brilliant way
palin blames son’s domestic violence arrest on obama
‘feel good hoax’: how us propaganda works in the syrian war
how obama made it possible for protesters to be arrested and sent to jail for disrupting trump rallies
trump’s foreign policy: promote stability not change, stop helping terrorists
busted! anti-trump contractor arrested for leaking classified info to the media [video]
trump attacks new mexico’s gop governor after she refuses to endorse him
senator slimeball is at it again: cruz sends fake ‘checks’ to trick voters into giving him money
boom! sarah huckabee sanders sets media straight on difference between trump volunteer’s meeting and clinton-dnc paying millions for fake russian dossier
trump pathetically tries to defend his muslim ban on twitter and people are gutting him for it
right-wing blogger: trump is gop’s ‘sociopathic maniac’
lt col tony shaffer: muslim dnc it staffers sent sensitive info to muslim brotherhood [video]
breaking: ford ceo cites trump in announcement to scrap $1.6 billion mexico plant…will invest in mi instead [video]
susan rice refuses to testify before the senate…you won’t believe the reason why!
this gop debate answer exposes how much the right hates women
bernie sanders’ takedown of donald trump’s ‘greatness’ is absolutely hysterical
gold star parents confront black activist spike lee over nfl flag kneelers [video]
reporter exposes huge reason charlottesville protests got out of control: “where you going?” [video]
teens get creeped out when republican lawmaker asks if they are virgins during statehouse visit
florida student in deep sh*t after trying to sell black classmates into slavery on craigslist
watch tucker carlson destroy racist flamethrower for questioning “hero” label for white osu cop [video]
w.h. admits trump lied: never ‘witnessed horror and devastation’ caused by harvey ‘first hand’
veterans can’t get health care…but these mn somali muslims got us taxpayer dollars for college…used it for jihad
it’s a win! karen #handel beats democrat…crowd chants “trump, trump, trump!” [video]
lol! keurig ceo apologizes after customers boycott and smash coffee makers…unfortunately, the apology isn’t for keurig customers
unbelievable video of nypd cops being punched by man in crowd while woman being arrested attempts to steal female cops gun
watch obama awkwardly and angrily tell audience to ‘choose hope!’ six times in a row…looks nervous, doesn’t he?
facebook’s new ‘proactive’ ai to scan posts for suicidal thoughts
watch: violent trump fan shoves peaceful protester down stairs from behind like a coward
trump bribed an author to hide these facts about how cruelly he divorced one of his wives
three resignations at cnn after botched trump-russia story…more to come?
nfl’s phony patriotism: us defense department paid nfl disgusting $4.5 million for on-field flag appearances…welcome home tributes
obama does not hold back, blasts ‘sheepish’ republicans on scotus obstruction
muslim who told fbi about orlando shooter has powerful message for trump
study shows conservative voters are literally twice as shallow as liberal voters
trump whines about unfair media during coast guard commencement address
trump brags about number of people coming to inauguration, doesn’t realize most are protesters
laura ingraham: gop senators in private meeting “laughed out loud at the idea that trump’s border wall would ever be built”
actress jodie foster weighs in on the phony ‘war on women’…hillary won’t like this!
proof ted cruz only wants the already healthy and wealthy to have healthcare
hillary clinton is officially the democratic nominee for president of the united states
watch: snl mocks trump for pretending to be his own publicist in hilarious cold open
breaking: fbi surrounding oregon terrorists, ‘cancer is a fungus’ assemblywoman coming to save them
lawless: obama won’t take executive amnesty to supreme court
charlottesville and the problem of left & right identity politics in america
‘my african-american’: watch donald trump’s racist meltdown
uh oh! stephanopoulos joined clinton on ‘pedo island’
trump finally delivers on promised phone call to soldier’s wife, says the most disgusting thing ever
wow! obama just destroyed hillary with this tweet…from 4 years ago!
trump only cares about trump; why he is recognizing jerusalem today
35 yr old marine vet’s death is fault of va hospital: gave him toxic mix of drugs, then botched his resuscitation
list of 15 corporations working with obama to bring unlimited number of refugees to america
breaking: emergency room doctor in dearborn, mi hospital arrested, charged with genital mutilation of 6-8 yr old girls [video]
breaking update on obama’s war on cops: ohio police officer murdered by thug “looking to kill an officer” [video]
boiler room – #unitetheright coverage with hesher, andy nowicki, patrick henningsen, funks0ul & randy j
‘do something!’: trump panics as mueller’s investigation closes in on him
watch the moment a white teacher gets schooled by his student on racism’s true meaning
lol! donald trump jr. has hilarious response to dinesh d’souza’s tweet about donna brazile fearing for her life for crossing hillary
michelle obama wanted biden to run so he could beat hillary [video]
“entitled” dem rep. sheila jackson lee has been taking advantage of her “public servant” status on airplanes for decades: “don’t you know who i am?…where is my seafood meal?”
trump fan scott baio proves how dumb he truly is with moronic global warming tweet
watch: anti-gun group absolutely destroys nra for marketing guns to kids
republicans attack nasa for trying to save earth instead of putting space first
watch what happens when guy makes undercover video: applies for min wage jobs…says he’s “under fbi investigation” [video]
stunning development: obama gives $75 million us tax dollars to mexico to build border wall
poverty kills as the rich live longer than ever
7 dead, over 200 injured in amtrak crash and this passenger has the audacity to complain about this…
priceless: watch bill clinton’s awkward response when asked if his perverted past is “fair game”
boiler room #102 – tales from the black pill
charlie daniels rips hollywood on gun control efforts: “they don’t know anything about guns”
watch: cowardly antifa thugs surround afghanistan veteran at boston free speech rally…scream in his face: “f*ck off nazi scum!”
spectre of benghazi: doj drops charges against alleged arms dealer of libyan weapons
black radio host: democrats have “owned” blacks since the “civil rights act”…how trump will be “the white savior to black america”
facebook partners with snopes & other so-called ‘fact checking’ sites to burry ‘fake news’
mi board of education will allow students to choose gender, bathroom, locker room and even a new name with no parental consent
trump on target: “we don’t need jay z to fill up stadiums” [video]
american medical association eviscerates gop for snatching healthcare away from millions
even trump’s best friend joe scarborough can’t handle his ‘disqualifying’ kkk support
atzmon: who keeps americans in the dark?
robert reich hammers trump’s unpresidential behavior in amazing new year’s message
violent protest outside trump rally in pittsburgh as cops come down on black lives matter thugs [video]
breaking news: nypd cracking down on anti-trump terror groups…watch police arrest antifa terrorists for wearing masks, burning flags [video]
french journalist hit with huge fine for “inciting hate” against muslims…even though we all know what he said is true
massive wikileaks drop exposes cia spying via iphones, android phones and samsung tvs [video]
breaking: obama campaigned for but now rejects keystone pipeline application
breaking news: us navy strike group is moving toward korean peninsula as show of force [video]
trump’s inner circle reveals bizarre new goal in light of his dwindling odds
syria strike completely backfires against trump; even his hard core supporters are done
sarah palin trashes fox ‘news’ for not seeking facts before reporting
john mccain blasts intel chiefs for their ‘orwellian’ silence during hearing
watch: anti-lgbt activist gets destroyed when he can’t answer which bathroom trans women should use
pin drop speech by father of daughter kidnapped and killed by isis: “i have voted for donald j. trump!”
another poll has clinton beating trump by 15 points
bernie sanders skewers trump and cruz for their ‘unconstitutional’ profiling of muslims
clinton mega-charity: “slush fund for the clinton’s” took in $140 million… gave pittance in direct aid
busted! wikileaks emails document hillary using “crap” polls to suppress vote for sanders
trump’s broke, so he’s breaking the law to raise money
watch: angelina jolie blasts donald trump’s hate speech
mike rowe sends a brutal message to the media trying to label trump supporters as “uneducated”
let the boycotts begin: keurig coffee and 4 major companies cave to left…pull ads from sean hannity show after he interviewed gop senate candidate roy moore
afghanistan war vet humiliates republican opponent for calling him weak on terrorism
univ of wi chancellor contacts police after noticing confederate flag displayed on worker’s truck on campus
watch: scottie nell hughes calls clinton a bigot for speaking out against racism
an increasingly unhinged bundy family begins preparing for a third standoff
eye bleach alert: hillary gets her groove on with fellow loony dems [video]
disgusting trump super-pac uses obama’s voice to help steal election
obama visits wounded warriors after trump uses soldiers as campaign props
watch: republican heartlessly tells a mother that if her son wants healthcare he should get a better job
why obama fears a hillary presidency
trump is trying to make facebook give him personal info of people who criticize him
breaking: trump announces nominee for secretary of state…liberal heads explode!
class act sarah sanders reveals what she does before every wh briefing[video]
https://fedup.wpengine.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/04/hillarystreetart.jpg
kathy griffin actually bragged about wanting to “beat down” 11-yr old barron trump 6 months ago
trump agriculture advisor has a new nickname for clinton, and it’s worse than trump’s
boom! fed judge ruling unblocks trump travel ban…asks aclu lawyer: “where does it say muslim countries?”
obama and doj’s radical director to meet monday on gun control executive action
update: catholic university that statue removed after libs complain of “white supremacy” and “racism” replaces with ferguson protestors [video]
nigel farage on trump/merkel powwow: merkel’s decision for mass migration the “worst decision by european leader in 70 years” [video]
not so “funny guys” carl reiner and “meathead” son “feel sorry for obama” after “racist” americans elected president trump [video]
confused old man shows up at the golf course instead of his job for 14th time in 10 weeks
watch: former clinton aide blasts lying sean spicer; says he should resign
terrific! president trump takes on the united nations with latest executive order
watch: joe scarborough fears trump will murder journalists and political rivals like putin does
wife of british medic calls radio show…says husband processed migrants with “isis stuff” on phones…men push women and children to back of line for treatment [video]
check out this disturbing ad a christian site posted seeking a husband for this virgin woman
boiler room ep #130 – mandalay cover-up
young man delivers powerful message to liberals: “put down your fists…take off your masks…if you do not change…you’re going to lose” [video]
anderson cooper demands answers after trump’s huge mistake with taiwan
gop rep asks muslim high school students: ‘do you beat your wife?’
cnn’s cuomo gets ripped apart by trump…bravo! [video]
trump continues to solicit illegal donations from foreign lawmakers
sheriff joe arpaio gets a brutal lesson in why you don’t ambush bernie sanders’ wife
the internet goes for newt gingrich’s throat over old tweet about obama golfing
pence says there is ‘too much talk’ about racism in policing and institutional bias
president of planned parenthood compared to isis, the mob and drug dealers
ny times releases dramatic video of keith scott shooting: “drop the gun…drop the f*#king gun!”
the secret society that ruined the world: rhodes, rothschild, milner
breaking: evidence trump colluded with russia is now ‘more than circumstantial’
wow! legendary actor jeff bridges sends a shocking message to president trump
ted cruz gets booed at cpac with many walking out, and it’s pretty damn funny
judge jeanine gets to the bottom of “towergate” [video]
ep 5: patrick henningsen live with guest daniel faraci – on trump, russia, the media and neocons
iran announces reason for arresting us sailors…they were teaching congress a lesson?
wikileaks julian assange reveals hillary’s connection to isis and discusses emails that could put her in jail [video]
watch: arnold schwarzenegger just burned trump over ‘the apprentice,’ and it is golden
watch: anderson cooper throws major shade at white house aide over ‘fake news’
trump campaign hits new low with these sexist anti-hillary buttons
busted! h.r. mcmaster caught communicating internal white house info with deep state’s mccabe
stunning disregard for law: 11 ca counties have more registered voters than voting age citizens…look who they voted for in last election
ha! angry feminist senator attacks trump/pence manhood…fails miserably!
obama’s arrogance: watch as he admonishes reporter for asking if he was “content” with 4 americans held in iran jail [video]
this woman was body shamed by her boss and her response was perfect
watch: stone-faced anderson cooper gets schooled by trump’s deputy assistant on fake news…”i know you want salacious, sensational coverage for your ratings, so your corporate sponsors and owners will have more money but that’s not media”
“very fake news” cnn president like oz behind the curtain…feeds anti-trump questions to anchors while interviewing guests on live tv [video]
message to the left on immigration: if you disagree with “america first”…who are you rooting for?
is london about to elect its first muslim mayor? [video]
breaking: protester jumps on stage…grabs trump…secret service reacts…trump reaction is priceless [video]
[video] emboldened by obama’s lawless america…black supremacist threatens: “it’s open season on killing white people and cops”
can’t stop laughing! one of “bernie’s basement dwellers” on fox showing off his bill clinton rapist t-shirt [video]
obama pens letter explaining exactly why he’s doing his job when the gop isn’t
beyonce’s super bowl performance had an important hidden message you need to hear
watch: vintage johnny cash video delivers a powerful message that should be played in every nfl locker room
snowflake trump actually screams at white house televisions, proving he is mentally unfit to be president
hillary clinton and bill blasio’s racist ‘joke’ may have just lost her the black vote
reporter says darrell issa gave her the finger when asked about comey
boom! kellyanne conway has advice for “able-bodied americans” on medicaid worried about losing health care: get a job! [video]
trump’s longtime adviser officially banned from appearing on cnn for being too racist
atheists found a truly genius way to troll the creationists building a $101m noah’s ark in kentucky (image/video)
muslim preacher charged after ranting, spitting “alluha akbar” in police officers face…screamed at woman on streets for wearing “tight jeans”…muslim bystanders cheer him on [video]
white house confirms resident nazi stephen miller is an even bigger scumbag than you knew
after months of trashing our president, senator mccain explains how to fix rancor in dc : “stop listening to the bombastic loudmouths on the radio, television and the internet…to hell with them”
obama fan club president george clooney tells france: “there’s not going to be a president trump” [video]
game changer? trump recruits election “observers” to prevent “election rigging” by crooked hillary
u.s. spy chief james clapper: u.s. must be prepared for a ‘large armageddon-scale’ cyber attack
leaked video shows probation officers brutalizing teen at ca detention center
tsa agents beat deaf, partially blind teen, returning from brain surgery
did iran release this footage of captured u.s. sailor apologizing to humiliate america?
wow! russian hacker gives stunning details of deal fbi offered him to falsely claim he hacked hillary’s email on behalf of putin for trump
oops: conservatives lose bigly in uk election after trump attacks london mayor
california democrats to raise minimum wage in state to $15 an hour
breaking: huge legal victory for americans who were told to stop speaking out against obama [video]
fox legal expert calls out ‘partial’ mueller: must resign after latest hire who was appointed by obama [video]
problem: trump vs. the us intelligence machine
their evil knows no bounds: taliban executes 5 “save the children workers” as isis kidnaps 120 schoolchildren to be trained as terrorists
donald trump takes credit for being ‘right’ about terrorism after orlando shooting
fec finds numerous election law violations in trump camp filings – could cost trump millions
wow! news anchor hammers obama on his pro-muslim speech at radical mosque [video]
oops! trump-hating dem senator caught in huge lie: claimed she never met or spoke with russian ambassador…forgot about time she had dinner at his home
watch: donald trump tells russia to commit espionage against america and cnn nails him for it
trump gives brutal warning to lawless sanctuary cities…there’s a new sheriff in town [video]
watch: did johnny depp just make a career-ending joke about assassinating president trump?
new york man shocked to discover who was stealing his trump signs: ‘this is supposed to be the united states’
brainiac gets rejected after trying to buy bmw with ebt card…what happens next is hysterical!
trump just had the most awkward moment with saudi crown prince, humiliates himself
say good bye to london: radical muslim wins london’s mayoral election by over 300,000 votes
donald trump conveniently forgets first half of second amendment
boiler room – ep #51 – social rejects & political pessimists club
trump supporter: fire all the ‘hibi-jabis’ from the tsa
twisted liberal kindergarten teacher allows transgender student to “reveal” her “true gender” to class
breaking news on clinton informant’s gag order will have hillary shaking in her pantsuit
unhinged nba coach: ‘white people especially’ need to be made ‘uncomfortable’ [video]
oregon republican wants to put right-wing militias on government payroll but only to defend republicans
david letterman calls for ‘damaged’ donald trump to get a psychological exam
trump humiliated by presidential historian’s devastating evaluation of his first days
hillary is furious over email hacks…openly threatens war with russia…media is silent [video]
mark hamill reads trump tweets as the joker, and it’s epic
watch: expert says republicans blocked nc black voters with ‘surgical precision’
breaking: clinton bests sanders in nevada caucus in dead heat race
watch: “it’s a selfless act”…melania trump explains why donald is willing to walk away from his business to make america great again
wow! secret service director sets record straight, after usa today attempts to make readers believe president trump is draining secret service funds dry
sex roulette parties on the rise…one person is secretly hiv…entertained by “thrill” of not knowing [video]
muslim miss universe contestant ignores competition rules other candidates must follow…makes up her own rules
trump just slammed u.s. shut to far more than refugees – worldwide chaos reigns
general boykin on gender neutral bathrooms: “…the first man that walks in my daughter’s bathroom, he ain’t going to have to worry about surgery.”
national border patrol union gives first time ever endorsement: “you can judge a man by his opponents”
judge jeanine gives great debate advice to trump: “be the man i’ve known for decades” [video]
here you go! trump condemns david duke…calls him a “bigot” and a “racist” [video]
kellyanne conway: here’s my favorite snl skit! [video]
‘responsible gun owner’ shoots at ihop customer who told him to stop spewing racial slurs
hillary’s state department destroyed 13 of her mobile devices with hammers…watch incredible 2015 video: hillary tells reporters she only used one mobile device [video]
breaking: mexico’s president cancels visit with trump over defending our us border from lawbreakers…but wrongfully imprisoning us marine tahmooressi for “border violation” was no big deal
obama regime uses image of u.s. constitution in spanish speaking ad encouraging illegals to become citizens/voters
lol! democrat congressman says best way to fight “fake news” is to watch msnbc [video]
playboy “reporter” whines about getting no respect from trump’s female deputy press secretary [video]
violent antifa thugs wear masks to hide their identities…let’s make sure every american sees their mug shots
watch: keith olbermann skewers trump and gop for undermining our democracy
new poll has clinton beating trump by eleven points – her largest lead yet
well it happened, trump gets desperate and goes full benghazi on hillary
watch: gop governor has full blown freak out over truth about trump’s racism
all hell is breaking loose in germany: citizens want “refugees” gunned down at borders [video]
boom! kellyanne conway schools cnn’s anderson cooper on the comey firing [video]
the state that gets more refugees than any other in america may surprise you
bystander uses baseball bat to stop man from crushing toddler’s head ‘for god’
priceless! watch msnbc host’s shocked response when gop lawmaker calls for “purge” of “deep state” fbi and doj
new hampshire cops intent on protecting sadistic racist white teens who tried to lynch a biracial boy
watch: sean spicer’s debut in “the bold and the babbling” is everything you expect and more
scrubbed clean? hillary clinton to finally turn over server to fbi
trevor noah asks debbie wasserman-schultz if she’s ‘c**kblocking’ bernie sanders
nyc mayor de blasio blasted by queens woman…he runs away! [video]
trump blasts democrats: a ‘disgrace’ that full cabinet not in place, ‘obstruction by democrats!’
federal court strikes down north carolina’s racist gerrymandering law
obama finally builds border wall…but there’s one problem…it’s only for the obama’s
acting fbi director with ties to hillary campaign under federal investigation [video]
why picture of che-obama was much worse than anyone imagined
lying liar behind ‘baby parts’ videos rejects plea deal, demands apology
warning: feds predict $30 trillion dollar debt because of these two key things
boom! senator lindsey graham: i have reason to believe clinton camp and doj colluded on hillary investigation [video]
democrats aren’t afraid trump will be a terrible president, they’re worried about this… [video]
tom morello: muhammad ali’s legacy is being whitewashed — the worst offender is trump
hysterical video: saturday night live does cnn
surprise! hispanic reporter tries to call injured white guy a “racist”…gets unexpected smack down by black friend
u.s. taxpayers to foot bill for outrageous obama scheme to import and provide housing for relatives of illegal aliens/democrat voters
‘nobody cares’: watch ted cruz’s humiliating shun at swanky ny gop fundraiser
paul ryan is so unpopular even 8th graders refuse to pose in pic with him
national archives missing massive data from clinton white house records
watch: governor admits cops shot philando castile dead because he was black
[video] media obsessed with painting trump as “islamaphobic”…here’s how he responds: “it wasn’t the swedes who blew up the world trade center”
paul ryan: republicans ‘will not tolerate’ more democratic disruption in the house
bravo! conservative actor tom selleck sets flag burner straight in this powerful video
oops! dinesh d’souza points out something that’s missing in photo with #wannabepresident obama and baby at airport
trump is scamming the hell out of america, and hillary just proved it in under 2 minutes
boiler room ep #73 – in the shadow of the valley of lies
watch: president trump calls out feds on overregulation: “it took only four years to build the golden gate bridge” [video]
donald trump’s touching gesture after rally caught on video
if your biological plumbing doesn’t match sign on door you’ll have to use another bathroom if this bill passes
viral video: patriot coal miner sings national anthem [video]
wow! loose cannon hillary leaked major nuclear secret to world during final debate [video]
federal court strikes down racist texas voter id law
watch for it! town halls flooded with unhinged fake protesters are supported by these radicals with deep pockets
trump’s star may be removed from the hollywood walk of fame and the reason will make you laugh
new evidence confirms worst fears: russia is behind hacks aimed at making trump president
awesome: trump tweets the two rules that will guide the trump administration
watch: jesse jackson mumbles hilarious reason hillary lost election at his rainbow push “shakedown” convention
trump falls flat on his face in israel, doesn’t know he’s in the middle east
is trump embracing hitler? has thousands of followers raise right hand and pledge loyalty
“i’ll put a bullet in your head!” scuffle breaks out between tx legislators after gop rep calls ice on angry illegal aliens who crashed chambers to protest sanctuary cities ban [video]
russian tv host trashes mooch: obama’s spent $74 million on vacations…gives flint kids, pregnant women who drank poison water $5 million
stunner: donald trump is next president of united states
sheriff clarke outraged at rally violence: ” where’s the fbi and doj?”
report: fox news might be under investigation by federal authorities
zionist billionaire to give $100 million to trump campaign, in return wants billions for israel (video/tweet)
how reagan dealt with radical protesters at berkeley university [video]
hey hillary…who are you going to blame for the 18 cities in pennsylvania with higher lead levels than flint?
president trump receives patriots jersey from close friend in white house ceremony [video]
merriam-webster dictionary shames trump on twitter after misspelling tweets
seth meyers slams trump’s defense of ‘state tv’ fox news and sexual deviant bill o’reilly
ridiculous! chuck schumer wants republicans to pick another supreme court nominee [video]
watch: judge jeanine is furious after it’s revealed that session says he won’t prosecute hillary and cronies: “what does the president have to do to get sessions to do his job?”
flashback…undercover video shows hillary telling top donor she stopped using email because of so many investigations: “why would i want to do email? can you imagine?”
bombshell: more women threatened by hillary are ready to come forward with sexual assault accusations against her perverted husband [video]
watch obama mention himself 119 times during hillary endorsement speech…and then i parted the red sea…lol!
[video] baltimore mayor to police: “let them loot…it’s only property” police demoralized after being unable to respond to 9-11 calls from terrorized business owners
watch: fox news host furiously directs staff to stop video of trump’s embarrassing curtsy to saudi king
watch this democratic congressman obliterate republicans for their racism
nfl’s phony patriotism: us defense department paid nfl $5.4 million for on-field flag appearances, welcome home veteran tributes
sore loser, war-hawk john mccain blames president trump for syrian chemical attack [video]
trump spokesperson hammers it home on trump’s moratorium on refugees [video]
liberal media ignores melania’s visit to home for abused girls…proving they really don’t care much about actual women’s issues after all
jill stein inexplicably blames the democrats for her meeting with putin
msnbc propagandist: the word ‘trump’ is ‘modern day swastika’…blames trump for mosque arsons [video]
two pictures perfectly illustrate the difference between obama’s lawless america and trump’s law-and-order america
breaking: leaked dhs memo tells of obama’s plan to defy federal court on amnesty
meghan mccain tweets the most amazing response to doug jones’ win in deep-red alabama
oh canada! why are you celebrating world hijab day?
hilarious must watch video: hollywood actor, trump-hater just got burned, outsmarted…big-time by trump supporters
atlanta: pandemonium as world’s largest airport goes dark…airport evacuated…1,161 flights canceled [video]
watch maine governor’s racist rant for yourself, then see if you buy his excuse
sick reason historic city with “off the charts” crime rates passes disgusting ordinance putting criminals before cops
civil rights legend switches endorsement and primary vote from sanders to clinton
watch: west virginia governor announces he’s leaving dem party at massive trump rally…switching to gop…more #winning
democratic twitter hero ted lieu taunts trump over just-passed russia sanctions
michelle obama comes out of hiding to accuse president trump of “not caring about your kids” wants them to eat “crap” [video]
missing: two file ‘boxes’ of clinton e-mails…evidence tampering?
check out new ben & jerry’s flavor: touting america’s favorite socialist
watch: fox news incites anger and controversy over hot dogs…seriously
nancy pelosi arrogantly dismisses questions on crooked democrat it employees under investigation [video]
trump blames charlotte rioting on drug use, without any proof
man in ‘i stand for the national anthem’ shirt thinks american flag is a lawn chair
breaking: trump announces nominee for secretary of state…liberal heads explode!
watch priceless exchange between neil gorsuch and ben sasse on the role of the declaration of independence [video]
right-wingers actually honor the cops who killed freddie gray
comedy gold on detroit news: “willy” dumps his tires in the wrong spot [video]
devastating 30 second commercial shows scary truth about target’s dangerous open door bathroom policy [video]
trump supporter laura ingraham fails with fake photo of trump’s sh*tty rally crowd
wake up america! somali candidates in minnesota only speak in somali at caucus…guess who they’re voting for [video]
pres. obama just saved chelsea manning on his way out the door
violent environmental lunatics cost taxpayers millions to protect trump’s epa director after receiving “unprecedented” number of credible death threats
disney introduces new marvel comic books: captain america (captain socialist) beats up conservative terrorists defending u.s. borders and more [video]
seattle mayor wants to help muslims follow sharia law by offering plan to help buy homes
trump tries to imitate hillary clinton in attempt to be funny — fails miserably
socialist utopia of venezuela tells people to eat their pets
“i’ll be damned”: trey gowdy outraged that someone leaked intel chief’s testimony [video]
buzzfeed’s editor-in-chief attempts lame explanation of why he published fake news on trump: “this was absolutely the right thing to do” [video]
martha stewart makes lewd gesture towards trump portrait at art fair…boycott!
republicans refuse to stand up to trump because they are scared of breitbart and sean hannity
lol! high school students skip school to protest trump’s temporary travel ban…hilarity ensues when they try to explain ban to jesse watters [video]
yikes! hillary campaign in state of panic…campaign events being cancelled due to lack of volunteers [video]
former cia agent says obama working with muslim brotherhood: “to remove american power and influence, including military forces, from islamic lands.”
blood sport: gop presidential race takes another brutal turn as ‘party favorites’ tear into trump
poll shows growing number of republicans don’t think trump is the best option for the gop
a must watch: the islamization of our schools [video]
the gay men killed in fl. shooting would not have been able to donate blood today
nordstrom stock takes nosedive after trump tweets about their decision to discontinue ivanka’s brand
desperation or stupidity? german state recruits refugees with no passports for police officer jobs
a top republican really just blamed obama for the gop baseball shooting
watch: insider reveals how trump university scammed people
charles payne calls out media for silence on the “booming” trump economy [video]
and so it begins…inspired by gay marriage ruling…polygamists apply for marriage license
it sure looks like donald trump would be putin’s puppet if he is elected president
john kasich will create a government agency to promote christianity
major u.s. government official: why i’d resign if trump wins
watch: chuck todd reveals more evidence trump’s campaign is a money making scheme
hey conservatives, you might want to stfu about ‘klansman’ robert byrd and clinton
it’s time to stop excusing trump supporters and start shaming them for the awful people they are
hillary clinton just dropped the mic on trump after his muslim ban got shut down again
brutal meet the press video shows how hillary’s embarrassing e-mail ‘story’ has ‘evolved’
as hillary crashes and burns… the dems look to a recycled rich white guy to save their “diverse, working class” party
breaking: a third democrat senator to vote for supreme court nominee neil gorsuch
politico writer suggests trump is having sex with daughter ivanka…shows no remorse…politico fires her
trump’s legal team in uproar after he forces them to attack robert mueller
[video] our racist president invites muslims to join blacks in victim pool while celebrating ramadan at white house
is conservative firebrand laura ingraham joining fox news?
watch: cnn host humiliates trump supporter for providing laughable ‘evidence’ of nationwide voter fraud
donald trump promises ‘christianity will have power’ if he becomes president
one video perfectly illustrates why liberals wanted bill o’reilly off the air
hell-bent on a conviction: is the pentagon’s third attempt at convicting a marine for the death of an iraqi citizen politically motivated?
watch jimmy fallon give mock job interview to trump for presidency
breaking: sean hannity interviews wikileaks’ julian assange…proves he’s still alive: “our source is not the russian government”
the heartless marxist: what bernie sanders did to over 300 homeless people proves he only cares about himself
america’s stepdad tim kaine just burned trump hard on colbert
communist vietnamese leader thanks u.s. anti-war activists for helping with their victory only days before obama’s visit
two baltimore police officers charged in brutal beating of 16 yr old caught on video…why al sharpton and black lives matter terrorists won’t care
disturbing truth about how the un decides which muslim “refugees” will be your new neighbor [video]
baltimore purges confederate statues in dark of night…mayor explains: “i did not want to endanger people in my own city”
grab your popcorn: ryan bundy pretty much just volunteered for prison
black lives matter organizer refuses to meet with obama and race hustlers…calls meeting at white house: “sham…photo-op…sound bite for obama”
trump isn’t going to invade venezuela, but what us is planning could be much worse
whose convention speech had more viewers?…the answer may surprise you [video]
mexico’s former president unleashes brutal insults on trump after debate
nordstrom stock takes nosedive after trump tweets about their decision to discontinue ivanka’s brand
bernie sanders compares republicans to children having a food fight
trump gets his a** handed to him after whining about russia investigation like a frightened schoolboy
trump erupts at secret meeting with the press, transition in chaos
self-righteous liberal saves fish from fisherman: “you’re harassing this fish!” [video]
watch: teacher whitesplains his use of ‘n***er’ to black student, fails miserably
vets furious after liberals make sick comparison to their hurt feelings over trump win and mental disorder responsible for massive number of vet suicides [video]
us hostage survives terrorist ordeal in syria to deliver a stunning message to us-uk ‘regime change’ crowd
mother calls cops about her missing 12-year-old, so they come and smash his face in
maid screams, begs for help as she holds on to window of high-rise apartment by one knuckle…boss films her fall [video]
giuliani gets caught lying about not seeing hillary in nyc in response to 9/11
lefty media desperately tries to bury trump but the brilliant ken starr won’t buy it [video]
saudi prince lectures america on democracy, calling for ‘never trump’
trump gets chewed out after insulting obamacare patients by calling them ‘victims’
consequences of non-assimilation: swedish school that won “peace prize” for enrolling most migrants is now war zone with barbed wire, check point
fox news host calls out trump: you’re the problem, not ‘fake news’
huffing ton post won’t cover republican frontrunner donald trump’s campaign
hilarious: what a trump ad for black voters would really look like
here’s the new way trump is scamming republican donors who give the gop money
all talk nra refuses chance to debate obama over gun control on live tv
report: these poultry companies deny bathroom breaks, force workers to wear diapers
what trump just said the gop will become if he’s president will send shivers down your spine
‘i’m very angry’: dems ‘outraged’ with comey after details revealed in classified briefing
house democrats display the wrong flag during speeches on house floor against the confederate flag
chicago cops busted yelling ‘f**king n***gers’ on hot dispatch mic
sean spicer has insane meltdown, gets hostile with reporters in off-camera briefing
pro-reparations cnn “analyst”: washington, jefferson statues “need to come down” [video]
you’ll never guess what’s predicted for obama’s global warming promo trip to alaska
busted! nancy pelosi claims no meeting with russian ambassador…photo from 2010 proves otherwise! [video]
bette midler’s response to trump not accepting election results absolutely magical
shocking video shows how easily islamic terrorists are able to enter the u.s.a. from canada
wow! benghazi victim’s sister speaks out: hillary talked to families of benghazi victims 2 days after attack…asked them to “feel sad” for muslim jihadi attackers [video]
trump admin deals stunning threat to alaska over their senator’s ‘no’ vote on aca repeal
christian conservative state bans women from testifying in court unless they obey ‘modesty’ code
pa restaurant forced to close after ice sweep nabs illegal workers…attorney for illegals has unbelievable response
syrian refugees spreading catastrophic outbreak of flesh eating disease to host nations…disease is difficult to detect in refugees coming to u.s.
trumps biggest little fan knocks it out of the park [video]
breaking: [video] obama’s state dept miraculously finds 1,300+ emails from ambassador chris stevens 2 days before hillary’s testimony
this explains a lot: trump said to have fox news-destroying dirt, using it to keep network in line
actor vince vaughn destroys the left with awesome statement on gun rights
mooch says black kids aren’t as welcome in museums as white kids
must watch interview! judge jeanine and ag jeff sessions on immigration & law: “this border is not open! if you come to america, come legally” [video]
trump tweeted nine times to deleted russian twitter accounts and no one is talking about it
president obama officially endorses hillary clinton for president
embarrassing picture shows giddy obama bowing to communist cuban dictator raul castro
fox news liberal apologist geraldo rivera gets a taste of liberal hate at dnc convention [video]
watch crazed lefties protesting trump shut down syrian refugee who disagrees [video]
migrants brutally gang rape 3 yr old boy at asylum center in norway
obama’s radical dhs chief vows to “protect” muslims from americans during speech at dc mosque
judge who jailed kim davis has a history of pushing homosexual agenda in schools
trump supporter has a full meltdown because no one else on cnn panel supports trump
fox news mocks msnbc’s chris matthews, who actually said “big story” of g20 was how far president trump and putin spread their legs [video]
game of thrones creator has been watching trump and clinton ads; there’s one very stark difference
delusional obama on how divided america has become: at least it’s not a civil war [video]
karma: race-obsessed detroit free press editorial editor who led effort to destroy kid rock’s career is fired over allegations of inappropriate behavior with female colleagues
maxine waters wants leaks to continue…claims world leaders are “glad” about leaks [video]
what facebook just did about guns is going to drive the nra insane
meet the awesome couple who is going to heckle the bundy militia until they leave
leaked: hillary drunk in the afternoon…needs to “sober up some”
father of orlando shooter is long-time cia asset
trump has the most uncomfortable moment with merkel, makes a fool of himself
students lose it after conservative speaker tells them feminism is ‘cancer’
gwenyth paltrow can’t understand why she was named “most hated celebrity”
criminalizing childhood: tennessee cops arrest 6-year-olds for not breaking up a fight
wow! ky dem house speaker makes insane speech following crushing defeat in gov race [video]
just in: dallas cowboys owner jerry jones is leading effort to oust nfl commissioner roger goodell
3 people line up to see tim kaine speak in a classroom…mike pence packing large venues across america [video]
nancy pelosi just trolled the hell out of paul ryan’s trump support, and it’s amazing
“baloney!” cnn anchor slammed by weather channel founder over global warming scam [video]
how a federal judge just helped republicans in a key swing state
snl hilariously mocks one of trump’s biggest supporters during opening
castro ignores disastrous communist policies that destroyed cubans: blames world leaders at un assembly for allowing millions to go hungry
breaking: putin tired of waiting for obama’s doj to release hillary’s highly classified emails…set to release them in near future
is this dem senator switching parties? calls out nfl owners in player protest: ‘right thing to do’ [video]
watch: chris hardwick burns melania trump for complaining about ‘negativity’ on social media
watch maxine waters go ballistic when confronted by a constituent who says “i love my president” [video]
boiler room ep #82 – mind-boggling collusion
top gop adviser admits hillary clinton would be a ‘better president’ than donald trump
the demise of progressive democrats: ‘resist and submit, retreat and surrender’
ny lawmakers compare mma fighting to ‘gay p*rn’ and police abuse
breaking: obama caught on live tv telling illegal aliens it’s ok to vote…promises the law will not come after you! [video]
trump gets hammered [video] for not condemning question at town hall about muslim training camps in us…but he was right…and here’s the proof
sean hannity is totally butthurt over this onion picture
“prophecy” propaganda: zionist millennialism refuted
wow! breaking news: proof obama lied to press….was notified 6 different times that hillary changed email address [video]
apology issued after la times and ny times columnists go after #sarahsanders: mock her weight and southern accent
chick-fil-a caves to gay mafia and does unthinkable in new nyc store
chairman of dems for trump: my party is suffering from ‘trump derangement’ [video]
some conservatives hate trump so much they are praising president obama’s dnc convention speech
2012: justice kennedy read a scathing dissenting opinion on obamacare…why he may be the vote that saves obamacare today
boiler room – ep #43 – cloppers, or osmosis, mk ultra & voltron
good riddance: james clapper resigns as director of us intelligence
watch: hollywood actor scott baio…all in for trump: ‘we need somebody to relentlessly attack hillary’
breaking news: “at the direction of the president” 22-yr old american is released from n. korean prison [video]
senate democrats introduce bill to fight back against trump’s corruption – trump livid
watch: hillary ruins trump right outside his bankrupt casino (video/tweets)
watch: black vanderbilt professor exposes the real racists in “the inconvenient truth about the democrat party”
one of trump’s ‘very fine people’ extradited to charlottesville after brutal assault
watch: fox news literally praises last jobs report under president obama as economic win for trump
michigan militia vows to ‘take up arms’ to protect the people of flint from further poisoning
trump asks advice from the swamp he promised to drain – americans are outraged at what they said
awesome! american flag comes back after 1,000 veterans show up to protest removal of american flag from hampshire college [video]
watch: fox sports reporter taken off air after questioning intelligence of mexicans
(video) military vets told not to act ‘pompous’ to avoid angering isis ‘lone wolves’ while liberal pundits call radical islam a ‘made up idea’
john mccain shockingly admits obama was a better president than trump and the world didn’t fly off its axis
chris hayes epically trolls trump’s monumentally stupid post about trumpcare
(video) trey gowdy gets real at community policing hearing: “all lives matter!”
watch: amy goodman destroys cnn over their pathetic election coverage
sneak peek: donald trump sits down with megyn kelly: “you know it’s not a cocktail party” [video]
our crybaby community organizer makes a fool of himself in germany…thanks to conservatives in social media [video]
33-yr old skier lindsey vonn says she won’t represent president trump at upcoming olympics
maine gov. lepage says he’s ‘tired of being caught,’ so he’s never speaking to press again
obama’s war on america update: fbi issues riot alert for louisiana…new black panthers coming to baton rouge
episode #208 – ‘not the network’ – sunday wire with hesher, funk$oul and patrick henningsen live from iraq
the worst possible person just won alabama’s runoff for u.s. senate, and it’s all trump’s fault
no toilet paper?! socialism is in its final stages for venezuela so byotp
lol! obama’s radical epa chief says there was no “war on coal”…but oops…that’s not what the poster behind her says!
sean spicer just gave trump credit for something obama did, white house desperate
here’s what feminists left behind after their day-long hissy fit…clearly they’re not too worried about the environment
out in the open: ‘9/11’ 15 years of a transparent lie
report: after millions promised, trump gave barely more than $1,000 a year to charity
don’t take your kids to new orleans to learn about american history…black lives matter just erased it
wow! former professional boxer wearing “soldier of allah” t-shirt warns 3 british activists to “fear for their lives” on new youtube video
here’s what the world’s top economist is saying about bernie sanders
this cop sees black lives matter in a way that will make conservatives’ blood boil
breaking: senate strikes back after obama slaps 9/11 victim’s families in the face….vote 97-1
the truth about why hillary is the only candidate who travels with a full-time physician
watch newest addition to trump’s nat security council explain to imus why she didn’t defend her snarky liberal brother-in-law against on-air attack by bill o’reilly [video]
[video] #blacklivesmatter activist posts staged video of police brutality against a protestor on twitter
breaking: [video] controversial mayor who refused to allow sharia law in texas city where muslim clock boy went to school explains why school can’t tell their side of story
watch: hilarious video proves cnn doesn’t even bother to verify identity of “expert” guests…interviews fake police chief
slippery snake james clapper resigns in time for the era of trump…remember the “not wittingly” moment? [video]
sniveling coward ted cruz calls sessions’ scandal a ‘nothing burger’
republicans will never watch arrogant jimmy kimmel again after what he just said about them
“kill your a$$”: florida lefty threatens gop congressman…gets a dose of karma!
new texas gop chair’s twitter feed is most insane thing you will read all year
north carolina just came up with the most ludicrous reason yet to stop early voting
trump supporters declare war on paul ryan, and republicans only have themselves to blame
elizabeth warren burns trump for attacking hillary for being a woman
new emails show hillary asking how meeting on libyan war would impact hamptons vacation…and more
trump tweets criticism of china: reminds the world “america-first” is a policy…not a suggestion
you won’t believe who scalia spent his final hours with
shocking: glenn beck gives perfect explanation for why ‘all lives matter’ doesn’t work
“get out of your trucks and run away”…obama’s military gives 45 minute warning to isis before bombing oil tankers
thin-skinned trump whines about election results again and gets his a** handed to him
obama’s doj: lois lerner won’t face charges in targeting scandal
breaking: obama regime announces federal takeover of elections [video]
brilliant! cnn asks black trump supporter the wrong question…they get slammed! [video]
conservative author destroys hypocrisy, misplaced outrage of gay activists dancing near pence home [video]
bernie sanders: when you’re white, you don’t know what it’s like to be poor…to live in ghetto” [video]
spineless gop proves majority means nothing …senator schumer brags about not funding border wall: “budget deal reflects democrats’ principles”
nutty lefty breaks into trump’s mar-a-lago club…vandalizes with bananas
doctor mentioned in hillary email released by wikileaks found dead in apartment…police say he committed suicide by stabbing himself to death??
sean spicer bombs press briefing, fails to defend trump over comey tapes
stephen king obliterates trump for throwing another fit on twitter
trump exposes obama’s incompetence: cuts epa budget…still fixes flint’s water crisis
darren wilson just admitted he lied about michael brown trying to take his gun
veterans send ‘loser’ trump a brutal message: keep your donations
they knew! donna brazile blows dnc secret wide open: exposes sickening reason dnc remained silent after russians hacked their emails
media ignores! huge list of attacks on conservatives is shocking
donald trump’s claims about muslims protecting terrorists are complete nonsense
is donald trump actually a fascist? here is what experts are saying
black lawyer, editor of legal website writes: black jurors should automatically vote to free any black person accused of murdering, committing crime against a white person regardless of evidence
actor mark wahlberg gives best advice to hollywood’s political hacks: “shut up!’
art contest winner disqualified for being a trump supporter…what happened to the “tolerant” and “accepting” left?
loser donald trump ordered to pay $300,000 by judge in florida lawsuit
five states have now voted to circumvent congress to eliminate citizens united
report: trump still seething like a child because bannon gets more attention than he does
obama makes stunning 11th hour gift of massive uranium shipment to iran…as iran develops long-range missile plan
megyn kelly not exactly getting warm welcome at nbc: “people are p*ssed”…nbc “bit off more than they can chew when they hired megyn”
hillary couldn’t find 125 women to buy tickets to ‘women only’ fundraiser…forced to sell tickets to men
boiler room ep #69 – culture club
trump official admits he is collecting ‘dossiers’ to blackmail journalists into submission
reporter calls out the racist writer trump invited to press briefing – press room erupts in chaos
house speaker paul ryan puts the party before the people…trump gives awesome response!
this is the alt-left the fake news media refuses to tell you about [video]
gop majority senate finally gets it right: votes to gut obamacare and defund planned parenthood
pa senator issues an epic challenge to trump after he offers to ‘destroy’ someone for a friend
hillary clinton talks racism in charlotte: ‘my worries aren’t the same as black grandmothers’
fox news f*cks up, airs interview that might actually get trump impeached
obama makes unprecedented move to protect the world from trump
former democratic gov. tells snyder exactly what he needs to do in flint, michigan
donald trump complains to europe that they make it too hard for him to get richer
watch a trump supporter go bonkers trying to defend trump’s neo-nazi tweet
nike drops conservative boxer manny pacquiao after condemning gay relationships based on his religious beliefs [video]
comedy gold: hillary claims trump “unfit” to handle hurricane caused by “climate change” [video]
10 of the most harmful and disastrous opinions of antonin scalia’s career — with quotes
expose the lies: shut down planned parenthood’s phone lines
ambassador chris stevens’ fiancé speaks out about hillary leaving him to die: “if he was a friend, you don’t let a friend down” [video]
boom! trump drains obama swamp…mandates all ambassadors vacate positions “without exceptions” by inauguration day
michelle, sasha and malia will join barack on trip to communist cuba…why not, it’s only the taxpayer’s money
illegal invasion continues: nyc ramping up to give 1 million illegals voting rights
donald trump attacks ted cruz with the single most hypocritical move of the campaign
watch: trump’s campaign manager gets brutally called out for this pathetic lie
watch: harry reid caught calling benghazi mother “crazy”
caught on tape: rnc committeeman urges republicans to rally against trump [video]
“get out of your trucks and run away”…obama’s military gives 45 minute warning to isis before bombing oil tankers
duck dynasty’s phil robertson weighs in on trump’s border wall and muslim ban
busted! proof that trump jr. meeting with russian lawyer was a set-up…dnc payoff? [video]
tucker carlson shocked at lawyer’s delusion on rejection of voter id law in texas [video]
poll: who should donald trump choose for vice president?
unreal! michelle obama gets $70 million for program to empower girls but not american girls
do you want to save america from hillary? share this video with everyone you know…
muslim internment flyers shock students of uc san diego with stark warning
active duty soldier’s riveting case against bringing syrian refugees to u.s. goes viral
a picture is worth a thousand words: a lone socialist takes this ironic message to trump
lebron james has some choice words for trump’s ‘locker room talk’ and it’s brutal
clinton campaign staffers prematurely popped open champagne early tuesday…here’s how they got it so wrong
lol! leftist rag publishes story about how president trump will use racist #hurricaneharvey to harm blacks
‘pay bribes here’ projected on trump hotel
potus meets with ncaa teams…then this amazing thing happens [video]
jeb bush blames the pope for making him lose the gop nomination
boiler room #105 – quantum swamp chess
democrats caught in major lie about dreamers [video]
trump attacks the ‘failing’ new york times, but the internet sets him straight about who’s ‘failing’
liberals freak out! trump wipes out one of obama’s most controversial executive actions…gives rights back to states [video]
why obama’s lawsuit against nc is really about the jack-boot of government on america’s throats
ouch! chuck todd humiliates dnc chair over sickening va governor tv ad democrats won’t denounce: “i drive a pickup truck, am i racist?” [video]
top navy commander released after reportedly revealing secret about obama
lol! lifetime politician who got 2% support from voters in gop primaries tells cbs: “i don’t know what ‘america first’ means” [video]
80 year old man writes must read letter to rnc to explain why he’s voting for trump
kid rock just had his first political rally, and it was worse than you’d imagine
saudi prince epically burns donald trump: remember those two times i bailed you out financially?
why donald j. trump is the only one who can defeat an anti-american party that’s gone unopposed for 50 years
rocker marilyn manson is thrilled that fox news is imploding
‘anti-russia’ escalation? plans for new us marine base in norway
this liberal live tweeted his trump rally experience and it is glorious
nfl player posts picture of cop’s throat being slit on social media
conservatives fight back against proposed “obamacare lite”…demand full repeal of obamacare
obama just threw major shade at trump during last national security speech
president obama wants a woman to be president, and that’s not all
watch pres jimmy carter go beast mode on republican candidates
‘south park’ mocks hillary clinton: hilarious takeoff on robotic and overly scripted debate performance
republicans want to tax democratic states more to pay for tax cuts for the rich
watch: white racist tells black quarterback to stand for national anthem or lose citizenship
watch: cnn host destroys trump campaign manager for denying trump acted as his own publicist
zing! sarah sanders calls out sen. bob corker for ‘grandstanding’ [video]
watch: trump defender gets humiliated by anderson cooper for absurd wiretapping claim
anti-gay conservative ‘christian’ group gets owned by j.k. rowling on twitter
muslim migrant too sick to work, with wife, 8 kids on government dole, wants to import 2nd wife + 12 more kids
rape apparently doesn’t earn jail time anymore – even if the victim is only two years old
expert explains how mike pence is the worst candidate for women’s rights there has ever been
bernie sanders admits to smoking weed and stephen colbert loves him for it
cnn host and crybaby hillary surrogate get brutal slap down when dr. gina loudon uses facts against them [video]
gop bill to derail iran deal goes down in flames after 100+ republicans forget to show up to vote
texas civil rights lawyer and dartmouth grad says he’d be “ok if #betsydevos was sexually assaulted” after devos announced law would be restored in college sex assault cases
boiler room #100.2 – part duh! wire tapped, reality for sale & conspiracy theorist swag
e.t. williams: ‘anti trump protesters, your revolution is fake’
oh no! guess who funded the shrine to ted kennedy
watch: former puerto rico governor humiliates pouting msnbc host mika brzezinski for putting her hate for trump before needs of hurricane victims
trump says he doesn’t have any investments in russia — he must’ve forgot about this one
that story trump just told the press about obama and air force one never happened
just in: man-child boasts he’s the best president ever; doesn’t know how long he’s been in office
shocking: dnc contractor caught in voter fraud sting visited white house 342 times
say what? leftists plan to erect 45-foot statue of naked woman that will stare at white house…stand next to washington monument for several months [video]
“harry, harry!” crowd yells military hero’s name during president trump’s incredible speech to veterans [video]
3 “middle eastern” men arrested for gang rape of swedish woman broadcasted live on facebook
“would you rather do a job you hate and not pay taxes?”…how these illegals answer this question tells you everything you need to know about how they “help” our economy [video]
street artist censored for painting of hillary clinton in bikini
bigoted goper calls obama ‘the most racially-divisive president’ since the civil war
“they will kill him before they let him become president”
media couldn’t be found during benghazi scandal…but watch them sprint after hillary’s “scooby” van to catch her first campaign stop
busted! anti-trump protesters paid to stir up violence at trump events
female muslim “feminist” linda sarsour calls for “jihad” against president trump
why not a probe of ‘israel-gate’
trump justice department is going after anyone who even thought of protesting trump
breaking update: [video] rookie cop is terminated after fabricating story about being hit by gunfire near boston
a must read: obama’s treason goes into overdrive
busted! guess who defended the senate’s role in supreme court confirmations…until now
lol! lifetime politician who got 2% support from voters in gop primaries tells cbs: “i don’t know what ‘america first’ means” [video]
“in your face”: obama launches new #refugeeswelcome twitter campaign on twitter
shocking attack: high school girl brutally beaten for supporting trump [video]
newt gingrich punches back at democrats with mega doses of truth on the bogus russia scandal: “this is a cultural civil war” [video]
oregon won’t prosecute baby’s abuser because he’s too young to testify
florida republican to black voters: ‘if you don’t like it here, go back to africa’
trump’s response to texas shooting sends anti-gun crowd into orbit [video]
watch: donald trump doesn’t seem to know who the leader of north korea is
world’s most popular search engine places fictional story at top of news feed:”melania trump is lonely, racist and obsessed with michelle obama”
fbi director james comey: ‘trust, but protect’
exclusive video: how a room full of rinos fell in love with rand paul and why every american needs to hear his message
trump was right! audit reveals state dept. cybersecurity deteriorated under clinton
watch: trump’s epa stooge gets his a** handed to him by fox host on climate change
horrific human trafficking case: 8 people found dead, 38 locked inside tractor-trailer outside walmart…no a/c…101 degrees [video]
loyal hope hicks is officially trump’s replacement for scaramucci: ‘she started off with us right from day one’
oops! donald trump’s name missing from ballots in florida
soldier’s widow finally speaks: ‘it made me cry even more’ — trump calls her a liar immediately
principal of wealthy nyc school sends hate-filled email to parents: trump is worse than 9-11
twitter is working on the biggest f*ck you to trump and you’re going to love it
listen to jeh johnson’s bizarre reason we must remove confederate statues…”homeland security” threat? [video]
remember “pam” from “the office”? the real-life actress, jenna fischer, just got called out on twitter for using bad information to bash trump’s tax bill
pamela gellar group plans to run muhammed cartoon ads on dc buses [video]
hillary clinton hands over a blank server to the fbi
“difficult” chelsea clinton causes high turnover at clinton foundation
priceless! milo destroys heckling muslim woman…crowd chants usa! usa! usa! [video] #miloyiannopoulos
paul ryan quotes mel gibson in a desperate attempt to not be the next john boehner
fresh off the golf course, trump lashes out at fbi deputy director and james comey
senility or truth bomb? bill clinton to crowd: “sometimes i wish we weren’t married” [video]
energy co president: “there are no political hacks in this new administration” [video]
two new polls offer bad news for democrats….why washington post’s hit job on roy moore may have backfired
the nerve! #kathygriffin blames the victim in ridiculous presser with lawyer: “he broke me!” [video]
oops! megyn kelly still tied to fox…refuses to work with matt lauer’s today show producer
#hashtag hell & the fake left
(video) hillary clinton: religious beliefs must be changed to accommodate abortion
‘cases upon cases of beer’: gop organizes booze party to celebrate stripping 24 million of insurance
awesome! what happened after city council member said trump supporters ‘have no business’ in charlotte government will make your day!
wi gov. scott walker: if you’re able-bodied and want welfare, you’re going to be drug-tested
charlie daniels warns liberals: knock it off or “there will be blood in the streets!”
breaking: gop civil war kicks off with a blast as trump loses his sh*t at paul ryan
listen to ann coulter pretend she likes jews while making vile anti-semitic statement
“i think my dog’s a democrat” [video]
hillary’s “khan man”: who is khizr khan? the shocking truth about his job, his ties to hillary, saudi arabia and the muslim brotherhood
“get used to it”: obama’s dhs secretary says illegals are “in effect” us citizens! [video]
say what? law firm who gave gitmo terrorists anti-american propaganda to host major fundraiser for hillary [video]
trump just lost his damn mind on twitter after bernie endorsed hillary
another clinton casualty? sister of woman who allegedly had photos proving affair with bill clinton, questions his involvement in her mysterious house fire death
racist, road raging trump fan calls black driver a ‘n*****’ because ‘black lives don’t matter’
expert claims n. korea’s second missile test demonstrates they now have ability to hit 3 major cities on u.s. mainland
wow! black lives matter mob celebrating nyc police commissioner’s announcement to step down attacks trump supporter while police watch [video]
house takes action to block obama from releasing every last guantanamo terrorist before leaving white house
putin tells obama and western media: “either stop talking about it or finally show some kind of proof”
party corruption: clinton campaign directly tied to disgraced dnc consultant
why is obama incarcerating christian refugees in u.s., then sending them back to be slaughtered?
here’s what beyoncé has done for the homeless while supposed christians tear her down
unreal! three republican senators kill republican healthcare bill in midnight vote [video]
not paying taxes doesn’t make trump ‘smart,’ it makes him a shamelessly un-american freeloader
is jade helm 15 really about martial law? texas ranger relays what he saw inside military trains
mn: mayoral candidate wants to disarm cops after muslim cop kills unarmed woman
obama delivers the perfect trump insult that will make republicans cry
even trey gowdy thinks trump’s wiretap conspiracy is crazy
should this racist girl be fired for behaving like our first lady?
why did gop leaders silence opposition on puerto rico bankruptcy bill? this is what americans are 100% fed up! with!
what the heck! why was al gore meeting with the trump team today? [video]
hillary supporters explained in 6 brutal photos
seattle city councilwoman incites riot…vows to shut down trump inauguration [video]
hysterical! here’s why trump said to reporter: “i’m president and you’re not”
update on 9/11 memorial banned for “triggering” college snowflakes
hillary clinton: we all know she’s deceitful and dishonest, but i bet you didn’t know this…
in 2017, america’s liberal abortion agenda looks a lot like nazi eugenics
trust fund frat bro explodes at uber driver in foul-mouthed fit of entitlement
dismissed: trump fires scandal plagued fbi director james comey – what does it mean?
good ‘christian’ bristol palin responds to ‘babygate’ accusation with extreme profanity and guns
rep. maxine waters just nailed ben carson to the wall with the cold hard truth
boiler room ep #75 – limited hangouts, syria and the scrotox imperative
grandstanding dem senator scolded by intel chair for interrupting deputy ag rosenstein [video]
senator elizabeth warren tries to trash republicans with latest tweet…but it’s what’s sitting on her desk that has everyone laughing
sarah palin’s son breaks into family home…savagely beats dad…leaves him covered in blood
president obama just did something amazing to help the poor with the cost of raising kids
obama lectures cops on bigotry, slavery, oppression at memorial service for dallas cops murdered by black racist [video]
unreal! liberal protesters scream and yell during prayer, pledge of allegiance at republican town hall [video]
wikileaks email shows clinton foundation funds used for lavish wedding of “spoiled brat” chelsea clinton
boiler room ep #122 – charlottesville & the history of violent cultural revolution
watch arnold schwarzenegger take on nazis and white supremacists in scathing new video
sen. cotton’s intern caught on tape calling brits ‘f****ts’ and declaring paul ryan a ‘cuck’
poll: clinton ahead of trump by a staggering 12 points
guess who’s trying to tie amnesty for nearly 800,000 illegals to end-of-year spending deal? two hints: it’s not a democrat and he has a huge wall around his home
ouch! bernie sanders responds to hillary’s criticism…slams her with category-5 zinger [video]
white house panics knowing flynn is going to take them down
filmmaker dinesh d’souza: eight things i love about america!
adorable melania trump fan dressed up for school project…nails the first lady’s inauguration look
hilarious! random french people say they’d gladly house a refugee until interviewer surprises them with refugee to take home [video]
#crookedhillary’s karma! new poll shows trump takes lead in blue states: michigan, wisconsin, new hampshire and maine
cameras aren’t allowed in white house press briefings, so cnn got creative
“bikers for trump” vow to defend trump during inauguration day…plan celebration! [video]
breaking: c.i.a. knew russia wanted trump way before election; nothing was done
r.i.p. gop white house dreams? u.s. jobs haven’t grown this much since the ‘90s
why ugly hate and division in america is actually obama’s fault [video]
(video) rioters take selfies with torched police car
burn! george clooney turns on hillary after saying ‘there will never be a president trump’
amnesty international’s brilliant ‘gay turtle’ experiment mocks the absurdity of homophobia
how hillary destroyed this man’s life to hide her incompetence in #benghazi
surge in muslim immigration into western world comes into focus as increased threats of 9/11 style terror attack are announced
wow! look who paid for the russia dossier that triggered fbi to investigate trump
new analysis shows black neighborhoods excluded from amazon same day delivery
tomi lahren takes a hammer to hillary: the “most competent woman in history” doesn’t know what “c” means? [video]
liberals see the light! huffpo columnist lets it rip on the obama “destruction” of the democrats [video]
afghanistan: forgotten, but not gone
donald trump just took credit for christmas and twitter is tearing his f*cking throat out
trump just got destroyed by j.k. rowling for his attack on the free press – here’s how
trump attempts new year’s eve do-over tweet and gets crushed by americans he called ‘enemies’
fox hosts cruelly mock, misgender trans high school athlete
ep #16: patrick henningsen live – ‘official washington madness’ with guest robert parry
leftist prof who wants “earth constitution” will speak at vatican rollout of papal document on phony ‘global warming’
9-year old trump fan found after liberal media tries to prove his letter to trump is fake [video]
4 of 8 detroit mayoral candidates are felons…two convicted of assault with intent to commit murder: “black marks on your record show you have lived a little…”
trump finalizes betrayal of lgbt community with first speech to hate group by a president
father speaks out after son was attacked by mob at trump rally [video]
how wounded warrior project treated a triple-amputee marine and his family should enrage us all
the working class just got screwed by trump again
boom! rep louie gohmert (r-tx) rips into obama’s gun grabbing legislative minions: “radical islam killed these people!” [video]
paul ryan admits he wants people to work more hours for no added pay
russia’s hysterical response to obama’s sanctions: “cold war deja vu”
ferguson flamethrower comes out of hiding: slams fbi director for blaming “ferguson effect” on rise in crime
ouch! the left’s “other woman” just landed a direct hit on hillary…and she is spot on!
this bill would get trump the psychiatric care he so desperately needs
‘idiocracy’ writer says his horrific vision of a painfully stupid america is here
watch veteran embarrass trump hater in kansas city when she can’t explain her own sign
that time mike pence begged congress not to fund hurricane katrina relief
that time donald trump said bill clinton was the ‘victim’ of ‘unattractive women’
liberal smack down of the day: watch what happens when a racist msnbc host tries to shame latino trump supporter for using “illegal” alien term [video]
irs chief: okay for illegal aliens to use stolen social security numbers [video]
this could be the best trump moment to date…do you agree? [video]
even this fox news host felt the need to shut katrina pierson down, and it’s spectacular
senator feinstein shocks cnn anchor with “precise answer” on trump/russia smear campaign [video]
syrian immigrant who said “9-11 changed the world for good”…calls syria her “homeland” is homeland security advisor
samantha bee blasts gop over ‘c*ckblocking’ of obama’s scotus nominee
anti-trump protester’s x-rated comment angers msnbc anchor: “grow the hell up!”
rush limbaugh tells his own theory of the lynch/clinton meet up
glenn beck’s bullsh*t defense of bigoted bathroom bills is pure stupidity
muslim invasion of america in full swing: obama on pace to issue over 1 million green cards to migrants from muslim majority nations
nba politely tells north carolina to f*ck right off over the ‘fix’ for their bathroom law
trump just got some really, really bad news about his tax returns
the death of p.c. police? trump’s doj makes major announcement over “redskins” name
bill maher has a message for trumpkins regarding hillary’s health, and they won’t like it at all
stunning story the media and democrats hid from public: how obama’s ag eric holder used taxpayer dollars to organize street mobs against george zimmerman, take down police chief
lol! golden state warriors win nba title…former “sports network” espn obsesses over whether or not they’ll visit white house [video]
breaking news on clinton informant’s gag order will have hillary shaking in her pantsuit
trump’s stink poisons gop race that could decide whether dems retake the senate
leftist bully artists tell ivanka trump: “get my artwork off your walls”…”i am embarrassed to be seen with you”
rush limbaugh: this group is “roadblocking” trump more than any other with approval of over 75,000 refugees this year!
state department coverup: reporter questions missing video potentially showing iran deal deception was a ‘glitch’
heckler screams ‘f*ck hillary’ at clinton rally – and she just laughs at him
confused.gov: obama’s imperial mideast policy unravels, still backing terrorists in syria
this nra radio host just likened dems fighting for gun safety laws to ‘criminals and terrorists’
wow! rebel media finds shocking evidence implicating son of dem appointed judge in “hate crime” trump supporter was falsely charged with [video]
fired up hillary clinton tells dems how to crush trump
watch: new music video calls on supporters to keep rallying for bernie sanders
remember that time prince wrote a song about donald trump? listen here
government santa candidate gets another huge endorsement… just in time for christmas
trump’s epa just fired five scientists to make room for industry insiders
lol! the woman who couldn’t be bothered with protecting lives of brave americans serving in benghazi attacks trump on national security
busted! the most damaging clinton foundation emails yet: “friends of bill”
watch: g.w. bush gushes over kimmel’s anti-trump oscar’s monologue…refused to speak out against obama, it’s not “good for the country to have a former president undermine a current president”
watch these patriotic democratic senators give their farewell addresses
msnbc host can’t help but be perfectly sexist to hillary clinton after her big night
wow! milwaukee school of engineering professor exposed after student takes photo of insane test question: “one of main functions of government is income redistribution”
al gore tells bill maher: get rid of electoral college, ‘time for a popular vote’
democrats fuming over vote to keep “hurtful” word in library of congress
trump faked out fans, used machine to autograph hats he sold them
hillary’s chickens are comin’ home to roost: news reports suggest hillary may have used a second private server
violent democrats punch and harass trump supporters…burn flags at fundraiser [video]
egyptian court sentences muslim brotherhood leader and 13 others to death and leader’s “peaceful” u.s.-egyptian brother to life in prison
watch msnbc liberal hacks claim conspiracy between trump and putin on syria attack [video]
pittsburgh police officers boycotting race baiting diva beyoncé’s concert may be forced to work
protesters block downtown chicago streets and michigan avenue
a&e cancels kkk documentary after it’s revealed producers paid racists to be in it
trump’s approval rating took a huge nosedive right before he fired comey
anyone who still supports hillary after they see this video should forfeit their right to vote
fox news bans gene simmons for life for harassing staff off camera
breaking: two suspects in dallas cop shootings are in custody after reported high speed chase of black mercedes on i-35 in dallas
judge jeanine explains why “hillary has no chance of winning in november” [video]
flashback 2015: anti-gun obsessed white house gives tips on how to talk about “gun control” at thanksgiving [video]
was michelle obama in on beyonce’s cop-hating super bowl performance? [video]
stephen colbert made a joke about trump and now the government is investigating him
episode #126 – sunday wire: ‘déjà vu 1968!’ with guests matthew richer and basil valentine
report: sean spicer forces staffers to surrender phones in search of leakers
university president apologizes to traumatized students for allowing cops to sleep in campus housing during rnc…makes them feel “unsafe”
trump’s deplorable fans cheer as he almost calls for hillary’s assassination
actor rob lowe blasts greedy socialist bernie sanders
“you’re hired!” trump pulls unemployed vet from audience and hires her on the spot
attention bad guys with weapons: there are no more sitting ducks at colleges in this state
sheriff clarke calls out nfl for latest move that ‘kicks sand in the face of fans’ [video]
mainstream media gets called out for manipulating bernie sanders’ ny daily news interview
arizona democratic party perfectly trolls trump and his surrogate over ‘tacos on every corner’
trump freaks out about deleting his anti-semitic tweet: ‘we shouldn’t have taken it down!’ (video/tweet)
trump hints he will continue to be an absolute diplomatic nightmare with china
awesome! jewish democrat leader hits back at harry reid to defend trump appointee: [video]
revealed: who gave democratic emails to wikileaks and why they were a leaker and not a hacker [video]
bill o’reilly appears ‘stumble drunk’ as he tries to interview candidates after the gop debate (video/tweets)
mccain calls out trump: show us the evidence!
fox contributor makes total fool of himself with strange idea to defeat both hillary and trump
hilarious! watch trump’s reactions to bill clinton and barack obama’s tough talk on immigration [video]
russia sells missiles to iran in defiance of obama’s “red line”
trump can’t find anyone to serve on his national security team
wow! crazy white liberal screams at black trump supporter on racism [video]
‘he’s not doing what i thought’: voters pissed off over wasting their vote on trump
michigan gov. rick snyder could face manslaughter charges over flint water poisoning
hasta la vista arnold! guy whose affair with housekeeper produced son, destroyed 25 yr. marriage says trump has too much “baggage”…. quits celebrity apprentice
hillary’s latest ad pushes muslim agenda of submission to men
muslim assimilation update: migrants arrested for stoning transgender women in germany
patriot can’t wait to go fight gubmint with oregon militia, just needs welfare check first
breaking news: obama’s ag loretta lynch ordered manafort’s phone tapped during meeting with russian lawyer
watch: rand paul accidentally admits we need nationalized healthcare
donald trump isn’t even paying his top staffers
tucker on comey’s firing: “dictatorship by the unelected…that’s the real danger” [video]
watch shocking invasion of italy: will these “economic parasites” end up in the us? [video]
a farewell to nancy: a one-of-a-kind love story [video]
watch: divisive former first lady michelle obama can’t let go of race-obsession: people “don’t trust politics” because republicans are all “white men”
which states are americans are moving from, where are they moving to…and why?
terrorism expert sebastian gorka on what next after london terror attack [video]
best description ever of liberalism in one paragraph
trump comes for mcconnell again with latest statement: ‘fulfill my campaign promises for me or quit’
white nationalist radio: trump gave us a press pass and we interviewed his son
watch: la’s wnba team thought it would be a good idea to stay in locker room for national anthem…the crowd blasted them with boos when they returned
leaked tape exposes george soros, obama group planning to infiltrate, disrupt republican town hall meetings, demand media attention
busted! latest woman to accuse trump of sexual advances recently emailed him asking for help
spectacular! leftist media melts down when they realize america didn’t buy their lies…elected trump anyhow [video]
obama unleashes hundreds of intelligence agents to “protect elections” from outside forces…hacker known as “guccifer 2.0” warns of threat “from inside the system”
watch: teacher busted calling black student a ‘punk-ass n*****’ who’s ‘going to get shot’
sick! left-wing social media celebrates shooting of congressman: “well that kkk f*cker deserved it” [video]
boom! the truth about “fake news” websites: “the butt-hurt and the rigged media is desperate to salvage some scrap of credibility” [video]
kushner takes the only life boat, watches junior and manafort drown from the shore
starbucks employee calls police on man wanting coffee name to be “trump”…#trumpcup [video]
trump whines that fake media won’t report his nonexistent accomplishments, gets stomped
great video! climatologist weighs in on the truth about climate change
these 11 gop senators tweeted support for mcconnell…primary them!
president obama will sing on coldplay’s next album
tenn republican flips out, calls female reporter a ‘b*tch’ over a taxpayer funded $614 picture frame
internet heroes make trump-putin facebook friendship anniversary video; it’s brilliant
ellen pompeo just shut a racist twitter troll down with a hard dose of the truth
donald trump’s own email scandal actually broke the law and he should be in jail
watch out, clarence thomas: petition asks president obama to nominate anita hill for scotus
red cross raises tens of millions and you won’t believe what they’re feeding hurricane victims
nurse from one of nation’s largest hospitals tweets: “every white woman raises a detriment to society when they raise a son”…their sons “should be sacrificed to the wolves b___””
freed detainee shocks press: iraqi interpreter responds to question about how he feels about president trump: “i like him” [video]
media silent: president trump makes americans $4 trillion richer in first 6 months…compare to obama’s radical first 6 months in office
report: robert mueller targets trump son with grand jury
minority trump supporters thrown out of maxine waters town hall by leftist bullies [video]
what this poll says about bernie sanders and republicans should terrify the gop
texas teen fatally shoots himself 5 days after nra-recommended gun safety course
trump blames overseas mistakes on ‘exhaustion’ – clinton voters have a brutal reminder for him
mooch cries victim (again) in speech to argentinian girls: “men would whistle at me as i walked down the street, as if my body were their property” [video]
broke city of chicago spends taxpayer money sticking it to trump with huge ‘f you’ installed right outside his luxury hotel
no, tom cotton, hillary clinton’s emails did not get an iranian scientist executed
does nancy need medical attention? watch as nancy pelosi stumbles over everyday words a 3rd grader can pronounce [video]
breaking: fbi is raiding gop election consulting firm
second twin falls sexual assault case…mohammed hussein i. eldai faces felony charges for sexual assault of “mentally retarded” woman
arnold schwarzenegger hammers trump for claiming he was fired from ‘celebrity apprentice’
extraordinary details emerge about how senator john mccain got “dirty dossier” on president trump from ex-spy…where’s the media outrage?
trey gowdy: “look at the facts”…”ambassador stevens’ e-mails will give you chills” [video]
republican winning streak continues: democrats vote on house minority leader
watch: republican strategist blasts ‘lawless’ trump
texas super-dolt louie gohmert savaged for licking trump’s boots over london response
trump supporters booby trap polling place and spill blood of election volunteer
this hilariously brilliant commentary on white privilege is something everyone needs to see
mcconnell pushes back on media: i understand ‘your job is to use the democratic talking points’ [video]
things are about to get ugly: gop introduces plan to stop $44 billion in obama’s last minute taxpayer funded regulations
boom! trump exposes phony michelle obama…when she went low with oprah…trump went high…very high [video]
federal judge questions trump’s legitimacy after attack on fellow judge for halting muslim ban
uber, google, twitter, netflix and other tech giants file ‘unlawful’ immigration retort against trump
the right’s stupidity forces snopes to debunk an article by the onion
watch: hilarious video proves cnn doesn’t even bother to verify identity of “expert” guests…interviews fake police chief
breaking news: first charges filed in special counsel mueller’s russia probe…as pressure mounts for mueller to resign
“reverend” al sharpton makes up lie about jesus on social media to push refugee invasion
kellyanne conway on trump administration’s lies: but what about benghazi!
apparently donald trump has an imaginary xenophobic friend named jim
when asked if trump learned anything in detroit ben carson literally runs away
this letter from the fed warns of the next great recession and nobody is paying attention
jimmy carter might be the only former president to show up for trump’s pathetic inauguration
dem challenger to paul ryan has raised a massive amount of money in the last 24 hours
hillary 2016 fan james taylor: “every day that barack obama and michelle obama are in the white house is a day that i am thankful for”
desperate for guests, fox news’ o’reilly replacement invites fabio on to bash liberals
would a hillary clinton presidency mean more wars?
there’s a new sheriff in town: isis gets stunning wake up call from general “mad dog” mattis on day one
uk says “no” to economic migrants: shocking video shows how african “refugees” are using asylum loophole to move around europe
conservatives frothing at the mouth over disney’s ‘war’ on christianity
obama to visit mosque where radical imam condones suicide bombings…even more unbelievable is list of muslims who committed horrific acts of terror against americans who prayed there
trump drives critics crazy: eliminates obama’s czars…pays female staffers more than men…saves taxpayers millions!
henningsen on trump rally fervor: ‘political relativism has descended on america’
a must watch: the islamization of our schools [video]
int’l leaders can’t hide disrespect for obama at final g20: philippines leader calls barack obama,”son of a bitch”…china makes him exit “ass” of air force one…putin has tense meeting with him [video]
lindsey graham makes the most depressing prediction for republicans after backing cruz
holy moly! rebel media uncovers illegal usa-canada “fake refugee” trafficking ring…wait until you see who’s vetting them! [video]
must read: i’m still trying to figure out how hillary lost the election…
foreign leaders to team trump: quit begging us for money for your ‘repugnant’ campaign
conservative offers $20,000 reward for identity of anti-trump thug who sucker-punched elderly trump supporter [video]
watch: sean spicer loses his sh*t when reporters grill him about trump’s ties to russia
chaos in chicago as thousands of protesters shut down trump rally
breaking discovery: clinton foundation shared email server location with hillary’s secret server
bill maher acts out trump sotu address and perfectly shows trump can’t ever be potus
9-year-old reporter just humiliated critics who told her to quit and play with dolls
muslims outraged: munich artist displays “funny” racy bare-legged “burka barbies” [video]
fl pastor ‘accidentally’ shoots wife in the head while cleaning gun
working class revolt! old school jersey patriots let the liberals and hollywood have it! [video]
trump tells thousands at fl rally “barack hussein obama is founder of isis…hillary is co-founder” [video]
which states are americans are moving from, where are they moving to…and why?
oklahoma republican: god will pay legal expenses and save economy if we ban abortion
classic! unhinged liberal loses it…screams “nooo!” as soon as trump is sworn in [video]
high school principal confiscates yearbooks from students after discovering senior used favorite trump quote in profile
elizabeth warren freaks after trump refers to her as “pocahontas” during wh ceremony with native american code talkers…forgets bill maher just called her “pocahontas” during appearance on his show [video]
huh? senator warren wants to cut conservatives open after they die [video]
there’s a new majority religious voting bloc in the u.s. and conservative christians won’t like it
oxford fellow gloriously buries trump for trying to discredit cbo report on trumpcare
stunning: podesta brothers and manafort connected to russia scandal…not trump [video]
liberal lunacy: a real tom turkey you’ll get a kick out of!
breaking: melania comes out against her husband in new statement
fl poll workers tell democratic voters the primary is for republicans only
woman who wants to become dnc chair: “my job is to shut other white people down when they say, ‘oh no, i’m not prejudiced!'”[video]
hooray for ‘justice’: coal ceo sentenced to one entire year in jail for killing 29 men
the best of watters’ world: “if liberals are so creative, why can’t obama create jobs?”
media couldn’t be found during benghazi scandal…but watch them sprint after hillary’s “scooby” van to catch her first campaign stop
wow! donald trump hammers obama on his “terrible deal with iran” with this brilliant ad [video]
bitter cruz claims he ‘doesn’t know’ john boehner, forgets boehner once hired him to sue a democrat
country music star delivers awesome message to young people
anti-abortion republican cheated and tried to get his mistress to have an abortion
‘i’m going to beat your ass!’ trump fan arrested for threatening black woman just waiting for a cab
heartwarming video: behind the scenes of the largest free-flying american flag
dem ags respond to trump rolling back clean water rule: see you in court!
trump: ‘most people’ would commit treason like my son if given the opportunity
wow! facebook hq’s joins obama’s war on cops…a closer look at this huge sign proves it
did bill clinton advise donald trump to run for president?
dozens arrested during massive global fossil fuel protest
trump humiliated by being forced to sign russia sanctions bill which limits his power
hypocrite billy crystal injects jab at trump in eulogy to ali that’s curiously similar to a clinton speech
rnc chief strategist has a full meltdown on cnn after hearing fbi won’t indict hillary
brilliant daniel hannan smacks down rude cnn reporter [video]
watch: anderson cooper stupefies trump’s campaign manager with a preschool math lesson
black lives matter activist, erica garner makes campaign ad for sanders [video]…oops! bernie’s support for insane taxes killed her dad
mass integration:  the race to capitalize on a virtual future
cnn finally does its job, hammers trump with his illegal donations
democrat lawmaker puts forth bill requiring wife’s permission for men to obtain viagra prescription
dnc hilariously matches republican voters with candidates in parody dating site ad
lol! hillary’s new anti-trump ad backfires..ends up being amazing pro-trump ad [video]
watch: fox attacks sanders, says rich kids deserve free college because ‘their parents worked hard’
trump humiliated as wh walks back his attack after soldier’s mom confirms his insensitive phone call
watch hero singlehandedly shut down anti-trump protest: “hey! this is library!” [video]
boiler room ep #73 – in the shadow of the valley of lies
agent angelina: are cia using hollywood’s jolie as soft power operative?
photo of hillary reading about pence’s private email surfaces, and it’s the most heartbreaking thing you’ll see this week
trump fever! w. va dem senator says he won’t vote with party…doesn’t give a sh*t if it costs him election, after former dem w. va governor switched parties at trump rally last week
trump national security adviser seriously violated federal law; should be banned from office
my pope just invited a radical, pro-abortion socialist named bernie to the vatican…should conservative catholics be outraged?
obama suggests gun confiscation is solution…citizens in gun free britain disagree [watch]
wrong color: if left really cared about police brutality, they’d be protesting death of white 6 yr old autistic boy whose dad was unarmed with “hands up” [video]
unreal! here’s why ice released but didn’t deport 19,723 criminal illegals in 2015 [video]
here’s how the clintons’ free private jet scam works: “it’s highly illegal”
why this republican governor is being called “the most selfish man in politics” [video]
how hillary reminded us last week that we’re so lucky she wasn’t elected
ex-cia director reveals what triggered obama to spy on trump…you won’t believe what it is!
judge jeanine delivers epic hillary slap down: “i don’t consider myself ‘deplorable’…but since you started it hillary, let’s have at it” [video]
why didn’t the fbi look at huma abedin’s shared computer the first time around?
shocker! cnn panel rips on dnc chair for his disgusting profanity laden speeches [video]
ben carson speaks out on trump controversy…democrats are panicking
british columnist katie hopkins has brutal reaction to “trans” h.s. student beating girls in wrestling matches [video]
morgan freeman, america’s most beloved narrator, voices powerful new clinton ad
nyc public bathrooms go to gender identity and not anatomy
he was warned against negotiating with terrorists: iran says they won’t permit foreigners “to inspect the most normal military site in their dreams.”
#boycottpenzeys: hateful, divisive penzeys spice co. owner threatens trump supporters…brags about increased sales since calling all trump supporters “racists”
trump’s response to special counsel shows just how bad things really are
hillary’s pastor compares her election loss to donald trump to death of jesus christ [video]
trump’s senior advisor slams unpopular mitt: number of anti-romney messages from trump supporters is breathtaking [video]
they asked hillary if trump is qualified to be president, her answer was epic
france’s interior minister makes insane statement after anti-terror marksman guns down man shouting “allahu akbar” kills two young females with butcher knife
you can’t make this up: special counsel leading trump-russia collusion investigation is person who gave russians uranium under direction of crooked hillary
icymi: snl skewers “morning joe” and it is hilarious
obama girls are going to be bridesmaids, so conservatives called them ‘n*****s’
bill maher explains how every republican can change — except on this one issue
atlanta: pandemonium as world’s largest airport goes dark…airport evacuated…1,161 flights canceled [video]
nypd slaps trump down cold for trying to politicize them following dallas shooting
elizabeth warren humiliates trump for his sexist late night temper tantrum
obama warns: crackdown on terrorism in u.s. would violate iran deal
katie couric hits new career low: asks perfect strangers cringeworthy questions: “do you watch porn?”…asks couple,”have you ever cheated on your spouse?” [video]
thick as thieves: trump university lawsuit brought by firm who paid big bucks to clintons
trump announces that surrogates won’t appear on networks that don’t ‘promote’ his agenda
duggar-linked ministry building a ‘retreat’ where christian dads can trade their teen daughters
breaking: hispanic men (cowards) beat woman in front yard…steal yard sign…post sickening video online
[video] obama needed a girl to take down mitt romney, but mocks gop candidates: “they can’t handle putin if they can’t handle cnbc”
shocking audio released of john kerry discussing obama allowing the rise of isis to help regime change in syria
trump is fuming over bad charlottesville press, becomes a terror in the white house
rush limbaugh asks: “what would america be like today if president obama had told the truth about what happened in ferguson?”
unacknowledged secret access projects: the black budget & military industrial complex
shocker! grammy attendee wears “make america great again” gown…press goes nuts!
boiler room ep #117 – straight outta tavistock & the woke af zombie apocalypse
lol! joe biden flies to serbia…is greeted with massive rally for trump [video]
trump runs full page ad for mar-a-lago across several government websites
‘america is under israeli occupation’ by dahlia wasfi
ben cohen’s response to fox news’ bernie sanders conspiracy theory is perfect
the demise of progressive democrats: ‘resist and submit, retreat and surrender’
texas governor for vp! abbott pushes back on obama’s agenda like no one else [video]
watch: fox legal analyst destroys trump for wanting to punish flag burners
watch what happens when a muslim woman shows up at a donald trump rally
van jones just gave the most hilariously perfect description of his trump-supporting friend jeffrey lord
obama blasts trump at veterans’ event for ‘trash-talking’ troops
breaking: rubio top official punches snarky rand paul adviser at gop conference in michigan
bryan cranston shows up on snl to hilariously mock trump’s ridiculous cabinet picks
detroit suburb elects first muslim majority city council in america [video]
gop house leadership place political careers before national security: why they are reportedly caving (again) to democrats
how president trump can remove congress from their obamacare exemption [video]
the fbi’s russia investigation just took a turn that will terrify trump
house republican wants to ban the treasury from putting harriet tubman on currency
is spicer flap a cover for media to tie up white house in global affairs and scuttle trump’s domestic agenda?
trump furious after journalist questions his sexism, stops her in the most disgusting way
it really doesn’t get better than john oliver’s absolute destruction of the gop on abortion
trump crushed as ex-kkk leader bashes him for finally calling out white supremacy in charlottesville
republicans look to shut down the government over coal miner pensions and healthcare
do woman want to elect a bully whose campaign works with shady operatives to incite violence against women, children and senior citizens? [video]
trump freaks out, talks ‘world war three’
great news! house gop moderates threaten “you may see some main street mem­bers (rino’s) re­tire” if we don’t get paul ryan for speaker
obama knew drone killed u.s. hostage…never told family who paid huge ransom and was still negotiating for his release
richard spencer’s fascist goon squad couldn’t keep florida from laughing his nazi ass off the stage
[watch] donald trump finds yuge support from unlikely fan in sc: “i’m a muslim…and i’m for trump!”
violence erupts at berkeley antifa “rally against hate”: cops chased, female reporter and trump supporters attacked by antifa {video]
“comedian” george lopez who said about trump supporters: “there are enough racists in this country to get him elected” goes on vile rant against woman…makes racist comments [video]
oops! video emerges of comey testifying under oath that trump administration did not pressure fbi to halt any investigations for political purposes [video]
florida crowd attacks police officer attempting to make arrest
is an ugly revolt inevitable? bernie sanders supporters are asked if they’ll vote for hillary if bernie loses nomination [video]
coolest mom ever: adele lets her son dress as anna from ‘frozen’ at disneyland
watch: wildly popular, outspoken geert wilders is being called “the dutch trump”…why his plan to de-islamize the netherlands is resonating with voters
captain ‘murica: civil war – theft, fraud, booze and brawling are wrecking the bundy revolution
watch: megyn kelly takes a shot at hannity by wondering when trump will talk to a real journalist
breaking: dartmouth tells college republicans auditorium “not open to presidential candidates” for trump event…but okay for hillary event tomorrow
kid rock goes off on colin kaepernick, obamacare and deadbeat dads…asks “almighty jesus” to “give us strength to fight”…”because like it or not, hillary lost and your president is donald mother-f***king trump!” during mi concert
outrageous: top15 examples of how radical we’ve allowed our colleges and universities to become
not so funny guy, liberal will ferrell makes movie mocking ronald reagan’s alzheimer’s…reagan’s daughter has a few choice words for him
breaking: mi court of appeals orders vote recount to stop…jill stein’s democrat activist attorney says count must go on
taxpayers billed $800,000 a year for prayers in congress
‘cover the real news!’ heated debate on cnn’s obsession with trump tweets [video]
calm down, politifact confirms majority of money clooney raised isn’t going to hillary clinton
we watched sarah palin’s trump endorsement speech so you don’t have to
one person on hillary’s shortlist for vp was just removed from dnc speaker schedule
episode 3 – drive by wire: ‘under new management’ with patrick & shawn
boom! harvard business students debate ny inmates on illegal immigrants…guess who won?
breaking news: susan rice admits to unmasking “us persons” during interview with msnbc media ally andrea mitchell [video]
communist students threaten “students for trump” event [video] how much longer will americans allow violent left to shut down free speech?
obama stonewalling on why he sent 13 payments of $99,999,999.99 to iran…where was congress?
just in: trump knew about flynn’s calls with russian ambassador, tried to cover it up
billionaire gop donors refuse to crown king trump – their usual huge contribution is out
the 2016 calendar that won’t be hanging in isis caves or obama’s oval office
laws are for the common man…not for barry soetoro: obama gives work permits to 2,000 after judge ordered him to stop
sad! it shouldn’t be news that trump got intelligence briefings two days in a row
leaked footage exposes astonishing and criminal antics of catholic priest in his own church
ned ryun on white house leaks: “this is not whistleblowing. this is weaponizing classified info to undermine a duly-elected president” [video]
how bad is it in venezuela? socialism’s endgame sucks!
debbie wasserman schultz planned to continue pay for muslim it aide charged with multiple counts of bank fraud, while living in pakistan…didn’t tell authorities muslim wife left country while under criminal investigation
republicans push bill to legalize voter intimidation to help trump in pennsylvania
wow! russian lawyer who met with donald trump jr. seen in photo with person tied to obama only 8 days after meeting
brother of hero coach breaks down over tribute to his “little brother” [video]
stunning video: 80-yr old man forced by police to provide asylum for refugees in italian hotel against his will
wow! major credit card company still sponsoring central park production depicting assassination of president trump after other sponsors flee [video]
perfect! president trump is laughing hysterically in hilarious new video featuring cnn logo as jim carrey in “liar liar” movie
ratings for nbc’s backstabbing megyn kelly are in…the anti-trump left may love her…but do viewers?
vacationing lame-duck obama ready to announce sanctions against russia
boiler room #65 – bernie says vote neocon – pokemon no!
outrage! student threatens violence against trump in high school yearbook quote
president obama says he believes the affordable care act will survive trump
trump has been sued repeatedly for disabilities violations at his properties
celebrity cruise line ceo makes political statement with stunning open-borders, trump bashing ad [video]
breaking: ‘sensitive’ benghazi e-mails released in christmas eve document dump
ex-fox exec gets a head start on painting gretchen carlson as a liar
whoa! medical expert watching debate exposes another telltale sign hillary likely has parkinson’s disease [video]
watch donald discuss our military at fl rally and see why he’s beating rubio and bush in their home state
karma: race-obsessed detroit free press editorial editor who led effort to destroy kid rock’s career is fired over allegations of inappropriate behavior with female colleagues
is this the terrorist who inspired dallas cop killer? “we must kill all white police officers across the country…we’re asking that all black police officers take a leave of absence”
watch this awesome mashup of michael flynn leading the ‘lock her up’ chant as he goes off to court
jesse jackson style shakedown: naacp president caught selling endorsements for political candidates
watch: film about barack and michelle set to debut and the plot will amaze you
in effort to hawk phyllis schlafly’s book, trump calls her something hilarious
trump made millions renting space to iranian bank that supports terrorism
boom! dodgers baseball radio legend drops a mid-game rant on socialism [video]
sean hannity announces megyn kelly’s support for hillary clinton
trump comes out swinging: new ad features one of bill’s rape victims…with surprise ending [video]
karma: anti-gay bigot tony perkins gets punished by an angry god, flooded out of home
major gop figure won’t rule out stealing nomination from trump
mainstream media stands down: fire alarm pulled during conservative “when diversity becomes a problem” speech…150+ free speech terrorists threaten, block fellow students [video]
puerto rico: local cop calls us radio station tells shocking reason aid isn’t getting to people [video]
trump supporter aims gun at hillary, asks donald to give the order to assassinate
“progressive” de blasio visits iowa: denies he’s running for president…so he just wanted to visit iowa?
trump delegate kicked out of rnc after hoping ‘brave snipers’ would shoot ‘n*****s’
hilarious hypocrisy on display: 3 intolerant leftist groups stop d.c. gay pride parade…force them to take alternate route [video]
what is black privilege? [video]
socialist utopia of venezuela tells people to eat their pets
cbs 60 minutes withheld trump’s appeal to ‘stop attacking minorities,’ and ignored reports of attacks on trump supporters
trump lost his damn mind over the sessions recusal for exactly one giant reason
‘color rev’ agit prop: george soros moveon agitators march on america – as billionaire instigator sued
stacey dash weighs in on the oscars, bet and racism in america, and it is absurd
why do hillary and barack choose islam over christianity every time?
canadian hilariously humiliates three trump supporters for insulting his country
short film envisions effect global warming will have on new york with terrifying accuracy
president trump describes receiving nuclear codes…gives great answer! [video]
jay carney let it slip that he knows who obama wants as his successor
burn! trey gowdy skewers fbi director comey: “that is not the fbi that i used to work with” [video]
sean spicer explodes at anne frank center, viciously attacks trump critics
the truth about why sore loser obama is using “russian hackers” story [video]
nc students terrorize minorities in disgusting kkk video; their punishment is shockingly light
team trump refuses to turn over key vetting documents on flynn
pelosi’s hacked email shows top-secret memo to staffers: make #blm activists think dems are on their side, but don’t let them come in large groups…”do not say ‘all lives matter!”
trump throws an epic, brain-melting tantrum after putin responds to the whole ‘pee’ thing
conservative terrorist given insanely light sentence for threat to kill ‘usurper’ obama
“a beautiful christmas present”: how tax brackets could change under republican tax plan
breaking energy department audit reveals shocking price tag and liability for obama’s green energy failures
breaking: no charges for police officer in shooting death of #keithscott…ex-con muslim who beat wife, kids, previously shot at cops
republicans just added what they hated the most about obamacare to their bill
u.s. presidential candidates react to orlando shooting
millions in outside money, hollywood influence couldn’t put georgia’s 6th district democrat candidate in “win” column [video]
climate scammer al gore utterly embarrassed…can’t explain why sea levels aren’t rising
disgusting video emerges of liberal actor, and democrat donor, ben affleck that should have ended his career
these countries just stood up for women’s rights and spat in trump’s face
jon stewart makes a room full of u.s. soldiers gasp as he delivers a dire warning on trump
obama’s gal pal loretta lynch won’t recuse herself from crooked hillary’s criminal investigation…despite private meeting with hillary’s impeached husband
michelle obama slams america at iranian party: “we’re hearing so much disturbing and hateful rhetoric”
watch: female cab driver entering mandalay bay casino property records video that appears to capture gun fire from more than one location
the justice department just said it’s legal to discriminate against transgender people
obama lied to protect hillary..new wikileaks email proves it!
teen vogue publishes article to teach teen girls how to have anal sex: “anal 101, for teens, beginners”
british man goes undercover, makes chilling video in “welcoming” neighborhood mosque
best summary yet of the shocking clinton uranium one scandal from the beginning
college students who wanted you to pay for their education make stunning admissions about how they spend student loan money
finger wagging maxine waters on illegal aliens and the wall: ‘this is their country!’ [video]
robert deniro wanted “to punch trump in the face”…supports anti-trump rioters…now wants americans to support his new movie [video]
pat mccrory’s bigoted bathroom law costs nc millions in lost events
brain freeze! hillary clinton goes blank…forgets what she’s talking about [video]
seth macfarlane responds to orlando shooting, smacks down gun nuts
verified #fakenews ap attempts to discredit fox news over alleged fake seth rich story…worries shepard smith’s reputation could be harmed
wow! starbucks ceo just accused whites of committing senseless violence against “people who are not white”…and he’s getting destroyed on social media
obama floods america with illegal aliens, muslim refugees, while veteran under va care dies with maggot-infested wound
cnn’s fake news backfires! cnn legal analyst agrees with trump on fbi, doj: “off the rails!” [video]
lol! democrat congressman humiliated after comparing trump to dangerous “racist” republican governor…watch republican congressman explain governor was actually a democrat [video]
reckless: democratic party creating a ‘russian scarecrow’ in us media & politics
watch: lesbian host ellen degeneres asks singer christina aguilera about picture of hillary staring at her “girls”
trump springs the neocon trap  again: north korea’s ‘test’ is no act of war
even republicans didn’t want trump to tweet during comey hearing
wow! hillary caught on video in 2000 saying she doesn’t like emails because you can’t hide them from investigators
“follow the money”: hillary gave $125k to hospital after receiving treatment for blood clot
why uneducated somali refugees who don’t speak english are fleeing arizona for minnesota [video]
here’s a perfect example of why people don’t trust muslims living in their communities
after pepsi botched its ad campaign, heineken gets theirs exactly right
epic news conference about milwaukee riots democrats won’t want you to see: “stop trying to fix the police…fix the ghettos”
keith olbermann to betsy devos: “the hurricane is going to do less damage to schools than you are, motherf*cker”
seth meyers shows clip after clip of trump’s incredible stupidity
this is how trump made millions while running his casinos into the ground
conservative women destroy crybaby, safe space feminists over women’s march against trump’s inauguration…and it’s hilarious!
maine voters tell trump to go f*ck himself, expand medicaid through obamacare
2017 ndaa: obama signs “countering disinformation and propaganda act”
abc producing comedy involving illegal alien family…that’s funny?
watch: actor james woods shares hilarious video montage of reactions by so-called “journalists” to trump’s win on election night
breaking: electronics banned on some u.s. flights from middle east…list of 9 airlines and airports affected
wow! milwaukee school of engineering professor exposed after student takes photo of insane test question: “one of main functions of government is income redistribution”
kreepy kaine says voting for hillary will help to put american women more on par with women in iraq, afghanistan and rwanda
bill nye the science guy: believe in global warming or it’s jail for you [video]
judge napolitano: trump plans to sign 200 executive orders asap with a few key orders the first day in office [video]
deadbeats beware: trump’s food stamp reform is your worst nightmare
oops! nasa makes shocking claim: burning fossil fuels “cools planet”
breaking: mass shooting in baltimore: 8 shot including a toddler…manhunt underway [video]
bonkers maxine waters leads chant “impeach 45″ at pride parade…”stay woke!” [video]
catholic sister rips ‘pro-life’ republicans over devastating medicaid cuts
comedian russell brand destroys trump in hilarious stand-up routine
former cia operative: the u.s. may have to vote again
dartmouth #blacklivesmatter terrorists tear down memorial to slain police officers because…”white supremacy”
breaking! massive voter fraud investigation…spokesperson for voter registration project: police raid “will have prevented 45,000 african americans from voting” [video]
reince priebus embarrasses snarky nbc meet the press host for promoting fake russian rnc hacking story [video]
mom of benghazi victim just demanded trump stop using her son’s name in his propaganda
wow! new batch of emails show hillary’s state department was “corruption central” for obama regime…reveals favors huma did for clinton foundation insiders
maria bartiromo gets into heated interview with dnc chair tom perez: “your party has been hijacked by the extreme left!” [video]
on the move: [video] iranians, russians and syrians set up coordination cell in iraq
crazy ‘trump girls’ stun cnn host with rumors about marco rubio’s ‘gay lifestyle’
rabbis cancel annual call with president over trump’s open support of white supremacists
leftist bon jovi to play fundraiser for hillary’s ‘everyday people’ with tickets only one-percenters can afford
brutal new poll shows stunning drop in trump’s numbers in six key areas; trump humiliated
report: team trump tried to bribe networks for more pro-trump coverage
young girl kicked out of women’s march for wearing trump hat [video]
breaking: ford ceo cites trump in announcement to scrap $1.6 billion mexico plant…will invest in mi instead [video]
bernie sanders roasts donald trump: ‘i don’t have to spend money’ to make him ‘look dumb’
over 40 percent of america supports impeaching donald trump
expert on voting fraud destroys trump’s lies in blistering twitter attack
breaking: flint’s democrat mayor sued after whistleblower rats her out for stealing donations meant for residents
bernie sanders goes after trump’s tax scam, trump pissed
china drone drama was over before trump’s first tweet – if he got intel briefings he’d have known it
republican vp candidate makes trump proud, uses racial slur to describe undocumented immigrants
loser donald trump will be furious about who america just picked as most admired man and woman
racist mississippi town gives mlk day a new name, and twitter annihilates them for it
architect of mass voter fraud: hollywood producer tells stunning story of how obama stole election in 2008
navy seal tells katy perry: “go to h*ll” [video]
us experiences surge in hate-based incidents since trump’s election, particularly on college campuses
the “obama project”…does barack have secret plans to punish white america after he leaves office?
major newspaper breaks 100 year tradition with 2016 endorsement
top democrat activist who launched online campaign to threaten and bully 12 yr old conservative is facing charges [video]
yikes! just when everyone thought things couldn’t get much worse for united airlines…this happened
the truth about alicia machado blows up…backfires big-time on hillary’s dirty campaign! [video]
democrats threaten kids education: chicago teachers union demands raises as chicago public schools run out of money in one week
mainstream media fake news: 21st century wire debates american ‘liberal’ academic
breaking: gay bernie sanders supporter with long rifle, possible explosives arrested on way to l.a. gay pride festival
right-wing rag declares ‘civil war’ between black people and cops in inflammatory headline
ohio fireman in deep sh*t for horrible remarks about saving ‘n*****s’
was gaddafi right about jfk?
watch: trump fumes in silence as irish prime minister shames him in front of reporters
steve bannon explains why the press will relentlessly continue to attack trump [video]
former colorado gop leader who said only dems commit voter fraud charged with voter fraud
germany’s merkel issues dire warning to europe: america is no longer to be trusted
multiple fbi offices investigated clinton foundation bribery charges,“financial crimes or influence-peddling”…doj appeared to want to slow down or stop investigation
the view brings on bill o’reilly’s sexual harassment accuser…is this really sexual harassment? [video]
this tops it all! hillary clinton makes shocking statement exposing her continued delusion about 2016 election loss [video]
judge napolitano: james comey’s pre-testimony reveals trump did nothing illegal [video]
joy behar just shredded trump after he praised putin and slammed obama
black teen volunteers for trump to see if he’s really that bad – this is what he found
say good bye to london: radical muslim wins london’s mayoral election by over 300,000 votes
update: judge rejects state department push for january 2016 release of clinton e-mails
is obama punishing fiat-chrysler for 2,000 us jobs, $1 billion us investment announcement? fiat-chrysler ceo says epa allegations are ‘absolute nonsense’ [video]
trump sends lawyers after 17-year-old girl over website where kittens scratch him
lindsey graham is literally begging republicans to un-endorse trump
what if 20 million illegal aliens vacated america?
bernie drops stunning truth bomb on trump voter, makes her regret vote in under 2 minutes
fake ‘us embassy’ bust in ghana exposes danger of eu schengen deal with turkey
fbi agents destroy donald trump after he attacks the agency and james comey
trump goes into full denial mode during temper tantrum over historically low approval rating
[video] german mayor blames victims of mass rape, sexual assault by muslim migrants for not defending themselves
dnc chair speaks out on revolting trump tape: ‘this is who donald trump truly is’
the amazon reviews of the trump christmas ornament are the best thing about the election
hillary’s chickens are comin’ home to roost: news reports suggest hillary may have used a second private server
trump’s own staff thinks he’s a joke, laughs off his july 4th ultimatum
awesome! street artist sabo targets hollywood liberals with trump ’24’ spoof posters
hypocrites: republican national convention will be designated a gun-free zone
trump explodes because paul ryan won’t defend him, launches insane attack
while honoring native american code talkers, trump called elizabeth warren ‘pocahontas’
fire this man! state department asshat mocks reporters and obama’s “transparency” at briefing [video]
breaking: [video] baltimore thug arrested after shooting 5 people, falls down when he sees tv cameras and claims injury
whoa! rush limbaugh rips into republicans who don’t support trump [audio]
amy schumer’s response to body shaming trolls is absolutely perfect
obama just did something for the lgbt community that will make conservatives’ heads explode
media hides truth about #unfithillary: falls off podium…takes weekends off from campaigning in front of tiny audiences [video]
‘largest’ $20 million food stamp bust raises red flags over names involved [video]
philippines: 2016 washington’s fury as philippine’s elections threaten us anti-china policy
local sheriff escorting school kids not allowed to bring gun into theater
the jerusalem decision: from creative chaos to effective turmoil
fantastic! watch boeing employees chant “usa usa usa!” during intro of president trump [video]
iranian navy fires warning shots on and seizes cargo ship; u.s. navy sends destroyer
oops! absolutely no one showed up for nyc debut of beyonce’s clothing line…is her radical super bowl performance to blame?
flashback! bill clinton: “i did not have sexual relations with that woman” [video]
lol! lawless hs snowflakes try to bust out of school for anti-trump protest…school locks them in! [video]
oops! documents show roy moore represented accuser’s mother in “nasty” custody case, where she won custody of 12-yr old grandson…accuser also plead “guilty” to felony fraud charges against family member
karma: gay pastor sues whole foods for “anti-gay slur” on cake…didn’t count on baker being gay [video]
oops! obama tells troops no foreign terror attacks happened on his watch: here’s complete list of radical islamic terror attacks on us soil during his presidency [video]
whoa! did donald trump just imply obama is working on behalf of muslim terrorists? [video]
watch: hypocrite mitch mcconnell tells democrats to ‘grow up’ and treat trump like gop treated obama
former “baywatch” star tries to flirt her way past secret service
fox news rails against media coverage of trump’s first 100 days – here’s how they covered obama’s
history professor shuts down ted cruz’s lies about supreme court history with facts
watch the fireworks! naacp president freaks when he’s asked if he’d “be okay with a congressional white caucus? [video]
watch: trump caught on video praising one of the worst dictators of all time
rock legend bryan adams tells bigoted mississippi republicans to go f*ck themselves
conservative christians sob into their coffee over trump’s nomination – ‘there’s nobody left’
nypd: man makes anti-white remark…throws liquid in 13-year-old girl’s face [video]
ep #13: patrick henningsen live – ‘fake news, fake crisis’ with guest mark anderson
#cnnblackmail trending as network blackmails trump meme reddit user
watch: massive crowd of supporters line streets in phoenix for trump rally….supporters chant: “we love trump!”…”peace and love!”…while alt-left protesters carry ar-15’s to rally…bikers 4 trump pray for peace
trump was right: latest arrests prove threats to jewish centers in us were false flags
american university hires former islamic terror recruiter: “i trust him” [video]
obama supporter, mayor jim fouts allegedly caught on tape trashing mentally disabled: they’re “retards”…”not even human beings” should be “put in cages” [audio]
confirmed: fbi raids home of former trump manager paul manafort
loretta lynch gives radical black lives matter protesters pep talk: “i want you to know that your voice is important”
watch: anti-gun crusader katie couric intentionally edits “under the gun” documentary to make gun rights supporters look stupid
watch: army vet wrecks trump – here’s the real reason he gave generals more control over bombing
meet the ca sheriff who won’t be bullied by obama and illegal immigrant activists who believe the laws don’t apply to lawbreakers
trump just got caught on hot mic, makes another disgusting joke that will ruin his presidency
bill o’reilly is out at fox news over alleged sexual remarks, advances…evidence of “smear campaign” by “far-left” has been uncovered
unhinged trump supporter holds children at gunpoint over damaged trump sign
court just gave cops permission to murder dogs
karma! birthday boy bill clinton heckled by kids on the golf course
trump walks into church in puerto rico, starts throwing paper towels at the crowd
socialist bernie sanders asks trump’s pick for education sec if she’ll agree to free college…gets embarrassing public smack down [video]
hannity throws massive tantrum trying to defend trump’s sexual assault remarks
wow! did “open borders” paul ryan’s top advisor leak trump tapes to liberal press…is gop setting up ryan and romney for presidential bid in 2020?
wow! undercover video proves trump was right about voter fraud in new hampshire [watch]
elizabeth warren issues scathing rebuke of republican incompetence on scotus
wow! loose cannon hillary leaked major nuclear secret to world during final debate [video]
if obama had a daughter: [video] #blacklivesmatter terrorist arrested for vile threats against whites and cops on youtube
tammy duckworth just put trump in his place over purple heart, and it’s perfect
anti-american george soros locks arms with nfl against trump
breaking: benghazi committee shuts down after trump win, proving it was just a clinton witch hunt
black politicians increase attacks on ben carson, accuse him of supporting ‘white supremacists’
texas republicans adopt astonishingly extreme party platform
viola davis gives profound insight into racial tensions in trump’s america
entitled irs ethics lawyer disbarred for ethics violations: “…reckless disregard for the truth”
top us spy agency refuses to endorse cia’s ‘russian hacking’ assessment due to “lack of evidence”
look at all the trump supporters at the rally today, there must be tens of ‘em! (images/video)
trump bails on cpac and republicans are now beyond pissed at his antics
oops! homeland security candidate accidentally shows plan for border and illegal criminals…you’ll love it!
admiral “ace” lyons: “why would an american president embrace the muslim brotherhood?” [video]
wow! hillary’s vp pick tim kaine gets only 30 people at rally [video]
watch: cnn panel floored by trump lover’s claims that liberal media emboldened white supremacists
breaking news: john mccain diagnosed with serious illness, americans stunned
mother outraged over daughter being asked to arrive nude to exam by radical college prof whose past includes aiding illegals to cross border into us
breaking: cleveland police chief asks ohio governor to declare state of emergency…suspend open carry laws during rnc
creepy: christie is the latest republican to fantasize about spanking hillary clinton
watch desperate americans literally beg justin trudeau to run for potus
trump stunned as pope calls him fat to his face
bernie supporters are asked to describe donald trump with just one word
trump embarrasses america again, lets ivanka take his place at g-20 summit
those intel reports that nunes ran to trump with reveal a bombshell that trump will hate
fox news just announced moderators for next gop debate…this could be yuge!
flashback: espn female reporter still employed after being caught on video berating garage attendant…curt schilling fired after sharing conservative views on facebook
trump sabotages his own call for unity by calling democratic leader a ‘clown’
americans expected obama to call for calm…instead used press conference to bash trump [video]
breaking: crooked sec of state hillary knew taking $12 million from king mohammed vi of “corrupt” morocco might hurt campaign…took it anyway [video]
trump’s un ambassador nikki haley warns un members: “we’re taking names”
beautiful melania wears lbd to host reception for senators…guess who was there wearing a smirk on his face? [video]
obama’s arrogance: watch as he admonishes reporter for asking if he was “content” with 4 americans held in iran jail [video]
watch: hawaii republican leaves party after gop leadership punishes her for criticizing trump
republicans just made a decision that probably means they’ve given up on the election
hollywood’s slick pro-hillary ad gets a trump redo you’ll love [video]
watch karma in action: cnn gets hit with tear gas while defending violent alt-left protesters at az trump rally
trump gets wrecked after confirming secret cia program on twitter
peggy hubbard blasts priorities of al sharpton, black lives matter: “for the first time in my life, i’m ashamed to be black…we wanna holler ‘police brutality’…we are the brutal race!” [video]
speak english…you’re in america! owner of popular frozen custard shop defends his policy [video]
wife of british medic calls radio show…says husband processed migrants with “isis stuff” on phones…men push women and children to back of line for treatment [video]
sexist white supremacist gives donald trump the worst advice on how to win women voters
cnn anchor pouts after russia narrative destroyed: “how much crow are you going to eat?” [video]
dear mr. president…when we said “lock her up” we weren’t asking [video]
another revision in las vegas mass shooting – amid mandalay bay security guard’s media silence
in liberal utopia of chicago, where americans are​ dying left & right…rahm emanuel unveils fancy id for illegals
breaking! wikileaks email shows bill clinton allegedly sexually abused his 3rd cousin while she babysat chelsea
joe scarborough references ‘failed’ obama presidency in amazingly racist terms
obama blames “right wing” talk radio, fox news for angering “white people”…”anti-government” attitudes [video]
hillary’s #unfit to serve…and her cover-up is imploding! [video]
michigan city with first muslim-majority city council in america announces “safe haven” for refugees, immigrants in schools
hillary was right: trump rant on muslims shows up on new terror recruitment video
breaking: trump is playing with fire, and he just brought us one step closer to nuclear war
the true story of benghazi: “13 hours” is getting rave reviews…could this movie end hillary’s campaign?
breaking news: facebook killer dead…here are the details [video]
#congressionalbaseballgame shooter identified: #jameshodgkinson twitter and facebook show loony leftist hate for trump
highest canadian court confirms trump scammed investors
one person murdered every 14 hours in obama’s gun-free hometown…black chicago residents speak out: “my life has been hurt by democrats” [video]
sarah jessica parker fears she’ll be attacked and killed if trump is elected…has she not seen multiple trump supporters who’ve been bloodied by hillary’s lib mobs?
shout! poll: who do you trust with foreign policy?
maryland councilwoman who struggles to formulate coherent sentence calls trump “retarded”…compares him to kids at disability center [video]
hundreds rally after atheist group forces mayor to remove christian flag from veterans memorial [video]
watch: president obama issues warning about trump nomination and every american should listen
collusion fusion: doj official’s cia wife was hired to ‘research’ trump
last minute gov’t grab: obama admin decrees dhs will ‘take control’ of us election systems
a young father explains socialism to his 10 year old son…a must read for every american
trump encourages audience to call ted cruz a ‘p***y’ – admits protests are staged
showboating democrat walks out of moment of silence for texas massacre victims: ‘screw the nra’
cowardly trump decides not to reveal medical records to dr. oz at the last minute
watch hillary squirm when mainstream media asks if she plans to watch “13 hours” movie
billboard with reagan quote stands outside gop convention, and conservatives really won’t like it
say what? obama gives go ahead for new un “regional hub” in washington dc…what they plan to use center for is disturbing
outrageous! nancy pelosi claims obamacare honors “vision of our founders” [video]
watch donald trump go full fascist with this weird pledge
doj continues obsession with discrediting ferguson police with this ridiculous new report
trump voter whines that her husband can’t get back into the country
pelosi unhinged: gop tax reform bill is ‘brazen theft’… ‘does violence’ to founder’s vision [video]
major scientific magazine’s editorial board just blasted trump’s ‘lack of respect for science’
gop senator threatens to ruin career of anyone who accepts obama scotus nomination
crosstalk: wikileaks vault 7 with guests patrick henningsen, larry johnson, suzanne nossel
sarah palin calls for executing democratic ‘cheaters’ on election day
snl’s creepy kellyanne conway sketch is the best thing you’ll see all week
gop megadonor sheldon adelson refused ted cruz visit ‘because he’s a piece of sh*t’
boiler room ep #120 – scorched earth media: from russiagate to hillarygate
lol! cnn live shot heckled by trump supporters: ‘cnn is fake news!’ [video]
must watch video! here’s the most important and dangerous thing obama and clinton have in common
gov. cuomo defends not endorsing mayor de blasio…speaks up on ‘offensive statues’ of christopher columbus
cher tells twitter followers to open their homes to “dreamers”…conservative twitter user shares her address to make it easier for “dreamers” to find her
obama publicly bullies gop over justice scalia replacement…these senate republicans are starting to cave
outrageous: illinois school uses fingerprint scanner to “track” kids…america yawns
confused old man forgets he’s at arlington cemetery, thinks he’s at a baseball game
was “open-borders” angela merkel behind $4 million taxpayer funded donation to hillary’s “foundation” one month before election?
chelsea clinton criticizes president trump over policy on transgenders in military…forgot whose policy banned openly gay soldiers from serving in our military
darrell issa: trump’s muslim ban is ok because ‘this happens’ to ‘people of this color’ daily
republicans hilariously go ballistic because ‘american sniper’ star bradley cooper was at dnc convention
‘go f*ck yourselves’: larry wilmore slams ted cruz, fox news over anti-muslim rhetoric
5-yr old christian girl forced to live with non-english speaking devout muslims…tells her christmas and easter are stupid…takes away her crucifix
florida voters kick racist, corrupt state prosecutor angela corey out of office
even back in 1993, donald trump was getting shut down with his nazi bullsh*t
names revealed of top donor and popular actress behind disgusting leftist latino tv ad depicting white man running down minority kids with truck
wow! hillary’s vp pick tim kaine gets only 30 people at rally [video]
obama will send representative to alton sterling funeral…couldn’t be bothered with supreme court justice scalia’s funeral
nj dem running for congress claims his opponent is like a “rural alabama conservative”…and that’s a bad thing? [video]
hillary scolds major contributors to terrorist groups…doesn’t mention they gave over $67 million to clinton slush fund
episode #205 – sunday wire: ‘dirty vegas’ with jay dyer, hesher & shawn helton
elizabeth warren has some news as to who she’s endorsing
first it was”low energy jeb” and “lyin ted,” then it was “little marco,” finally…trump’s given hillary a well-deserved nickname [video]
hillary brands bigoted trump supporters with brilliant new moniker in fiery speech
audio: hannity has racist meltdown, wants to send president obama and his family back to africa
obama just gave free internet for all but guess who’s paying for it
ny giants player pretends to ‘pee like a dog’ then gives black power salute after touchdowns…takes protest to new low
the federal election commission just told trump they’re done with his ‘voter fraud’ lies
republican governor is letting employers ignore minimum wage increase passed by voters
wow! is meghan mccain finished with the hateful hags of “the view” after today’s blow up with joy behar? [video]
“follow the money”: hillary gave $125k to hospital after receiving treatment for blood clot
charles barkley drops truth-bomb: blacks, not white people or cops are keeping blacks down
prisoners are going on strike across the united states to end legal slavery
watch this lunatic ‘responsible gun owner’ discipline her children with a shotgun
pearl jam just donated an unbelievable amount of money to help flint, michigan’s people
damning texts have just surfaced in christie’s ‘bridgegate’ scandal
was murdered 27 year old democrat operative about to blow the whistle on voter fraud when he was shot in the back? [video]
breaking: republicans susan collins and lisa murkowski will vote no on betsy devos
these memes of republicans during state of the union will totally make your day (images/video)
kellyanne conway slaps down rabid cnn host chris cuomo: “aren’t you the least bit embarrassed that you now talk about russia more than you talk about america?” [video]
cruz’s attempt to act tough hilariously backfires when reporter asks him brutal follow-up
trump fan just got his pride demolished by a 7th grader in epic letter to a newspaper
#berkeley crazy! rioters chase and beat people shouting: “beat his ass!” [video]
washed up crazy singer accuses saturday night live of worshipping satan
breaking: trump just made a huge announcement…proving he’s the only candidate who truly believes #blacklivesmatter
judge jeanine explains why “hillary has no chance of winning in november” [video]
obama’s list of 21 medal of freedom recipients reads like a who’s who of the far left
is obama’s radical agenda responsible for state department’s misleading report on forced labor, prostitution and human slavery?
watch elizabeth warren clobber trump and scott brown: ‘celebrity apprentice meets biggest loser’
hillary clinton slams trump over his insane litmus test
republican congressman is currently standing on his office roof to avoid his voters below
america’s unemployment rate is lower but number of americans on food stamps is shocking
sc man uses ‘stand your ground’ law as reason for bail after he ‘slow cooked’ murder victims
us media hyped ‘active shooter’ drill at andrews base as real event
oops! ny gov cuomo announces statues of confederate generals “will be removed because ny stands against racism”…ignores state was named after owner of african slave trading company
priorities: who does obama invite to white house…the muslim “briefcase clock” boy or slain cops families?
hollywood hypocrite leonard dicaprio jets la friends across the world 6,000 miles to hear his speech on global warming
watch: kellyanne conway whines after chuck todd calls her out for always blaming the media
judge jeanine pirro rips into the lying media “in cahoots with clintons” [video]
how paul ryan just made a mockery of trump’s promise to protect blue-collar jobs from foreign workers
watch as assad destroys us reporter michael isikoff in interview
feel the bern: this is what your paycheck will look like with bernie as president
5 ways trump’s mike pence introduction was a complete trainwreck
trump got an eight-year-old american girl killed, along with other children and women
what? democrat congresswoman calls violent riots at berkeley a “beautiful thing” [video]
muslims only: uk water park attempts diversity by hosting exclusion events
[video] rudy giuliani: “outrageous” beyoncé gets police escort to super bowl…uses halftime show to trash cops and promote racial tension
bristol palin cheers for christian students forcing their religion upon atheists
brutalized trump supporters win one! federal lawsuit against city of san jose goes forward [video]
may jobs report and unemployment rate bleak – guess who’s to blame? (hint: it’s not obama)
lois lerner e-mail snippets reveal a bitter b*tch: “lincoln should have let the south go…”
(video) watch what happens when a fox reporter confronts the entire san francisco board of supervisors on murder of kate steinle
former fbi asst director: “jim comey ‘danced with the devil’…i’m glad he’s gone” [video]
donald trump hints at making the crypt keeper his vice president
why we should all be aware of ted cruz’s creepy obsession with murder and the death penalty
conservative women destroy crybaby, safe space feminists over women’s march against trump’s inauguration…and it’s hilarious!
truck driver attaches hysterical deterrents to his truck designed to keep illegal muslim refugees from hitching rides [video]
n. korea’s latest missile launch aimed at testing carrying “large scale heavy nuclear warhead”
sorry hillary…we already had a female president and her name is “nightstalker” [video]
breaking: [video] black supremacy terror group planning something big for 9-11…”black lives matter movement wasn’t enough…it’s unavoidable…it’s about to go down…it’s open season on whites and crackers”
why “moderate” muslims don’t speak out: muslim shopkeeper makes video wishing customers “happy easter”…muslim man stabs him to death [video]
[video] yep…gun-control bill said that today: “you can’t have people walking around with guns”
ga supreme court denies kkk right to “adopt a highway”…while il city “unanimously, proudly” names street after black panther
obama and justin trudeau had dinner tuesday; for a moment, the world felt sane again
hypocrisy: democrat senator criticizes president trump for moving u.s. embassy to jerusalem after she voted to move u.s. embassy to jerusalem
as hillary crashes and burns… the dems look to a recycled rich white guy to save their “diverse, working class” party
ep #13: patrick henningsen live – ‘fake news, fake crisis’ with guest mark anderson
israelis throw ‘death to arabs’ rally, thousands attend (video/tweets)
german volunteers hold welcome rally: applaud as muslim migrants sing jihadist songs [video]
dnc will spend $60 million to coronate crooked hillary…says it’s nobody’s business where money is coming from
young republicans chairwoman resigns over trump – here’s the amazing reason why
panhandler confronted by outraged man [video]
ha! angry feminist senator attacks trump/pence manhood…fails miserably!
accused rapist bill clinton has 4 new accusers…claim he sexually assaulted them while flying around on ‘air f**k one’
watch sheriff clarke take down liberal pundit claiming sexism in hillary scandal [video]
mitch mcconnell viciously cuts off elizabeth warren to defend racism
flashback 2015: anti-gun obsessed white house gives tips on how to talk about “gun control” at thanksgiving [video]
watch michelle obama take one last walk through the house she was forced to wake up in every morning, knowing it was “built by slaves”
man screamed ‘get out of my country’ before shooting two immigrants in a bar
hillary makes first appearance since election…wow america! you dodged a bullet!
the daily show hilariously compares republicans to wile e. coyote in their chase of trump
watch: saturday night live hilariously shows us the delusional reality trump lives in
breaking: two russian navy spy ships operating off u.s. coast…white house computers are hacked by russians
average trump cabinet member stands to profit by hundreds of thousands from tax ‘reform’
“hill”arious…must see! iowa parade goers treated to “hillary in prison” float…water balloon passed out to throw at her
crony corrupt politics: obama admin blocked fbi from doing a clinton foundation investigation
trump emboldens ohio republicans to ban abortion six weeks after conception
even dick cheney is making the case for why there needs to be a new election
democrats eat their own: secret service protect angry bernie as leftist protesters rush stage [video]
the media totally missed this horrifying trump confession
watch msnbc “objective” host’s loud outburst when latina guest says she “feels at home” in gop
california single-payer health care bill shelved and people aren’t happy
former gop rep. says electing president obama was the ‘greatest act of racism’ in american history
watch: white confederate flag-waving redneck threatens to lynch black man
obama’s communist crony van jones worries about what he’ll “tell his children” now that america won! [video]
conservative women get positively vicious explaining why they want a president trump
lol! “the view’s” classy co-host joy behar tells van jones: “you don’t deal with white supremacists”…“when they go low…we need to go lower”…”f**k your kumbaya” [video]
voting machines for hillary! md woman reports voting straight ticket…watched machine flip to hillary [video]
language warning but so funny! listen to two black ladies “stump for trump”
watch: divisive former first lady michelle obama can’t let go of race-obsession: people “don’t trust politics” because republicans are all “white men”
hilarious: seth myers exposes trump’s racist white power pals
bombshell report: gop looks to dump trump, secret 2020 shadow campaigns already underway
this is big! tennessee votes to sue the feds over refugee resettlement
watch sean spicer slam hillary with great sports analogy on election loss: “look, i’m a patriots fan…” [video]
hawks double down, dig-in and refuse to give up failed ‘assad must go’ foreign policy
trump is delusional: what he just said about his ‘support’ rallies is beyond fantasy
kushner: i lied about four russian contacts, but no worries, i didn’t collude
trump loses his sh*t over snl skit and alec baldwin immediately humiliates him
wow! alex jones releases secretly recorded interview with megyn kelly: “i’ve never done this in 22 years, i’ve never recorded another journalist, but i knew it was a fraud, that it was lie” [video]
we may already have more than half the republican electors we need to stop donald trump
unreal! pro-cuba travel at pbs and nbc: “cuba has so much going for it: it’s proudly communist…” [video]
breaking: crooked sec of state hillary knew taking $12 million from king mohammed vi of “corrupt” morocco might hurt campaign…took it anyway [video]
fox news frantically tries to cover up trump’s 13th golf trip and absolutely nobody is buying it
medical examiner finally releases report on death of music icon prince
watch dirty harry reid on his lie about romney’s taxes: “he didn’t win, did he?”
shrillary gives bitter concession speech in new hampshire
eye-opening: why liberals won’t talk about white, poverty-stricken, rural americans
trump executive order on ethics commitments bans lobbying for executive branch employees
what happened to missing $600 high-powered rifle that mass killer bought hours before he arrived in las vegas?
judge jeanine scorches cast of hamilton: “out and out reverse racism and teed up hate” [video]
wow! tomi lahren blasts liberal media for trying to label conservative news as “fake”…”evolve or die mainstream media” [video]
scarlett johansson rips republicans a new one for trying to kill planned parenthood
students find f*ck n****rs scrawled on classroom door as trump starts making america hate again
no words… [video]
treasury secretary’s actress wife answers critics on the left for ‘deplorable’ display of wealth…poses in couture gowns
cnn liberal anchor freaks out at navy seal when he asks for truth….you won’t believe the reaction! [video]
trump fan calls for lynching hillary, screams ‘hang that b*tch’ at nc rally
breaking: ted cruz wins iowa
racist gop rep. steve king goes ballistic over trump’s daca deal
the simpsons destroy the idiocy of the politically correct left on college campuses…and it’s hilarious! [video]
trump steals $100k from children’s cancer charity to line his own pockets
breaking: democrat makes shocking statement regarding dnc pick keith ellison [video]
cuba’s getting nuclear reactors from putin, while obama campaigns for hillary
fox news host buries trump for siding with russia over u.s. intelligence agencies
flashback video: al sharpton assaults fox news reporter for asking baltimore mayor why she allowed thugs loot and burn down businesses
bristol palin loses full custody of son in humiliating court defeat
lavar ball: here’s why president trump was under no legal obligation to help release your shoplifting son from chinese prison
trump kills massive infrastructure project that would have created thousands of jobs
tv executives in discussion about cancelling thursday night nfl games
wikileaks hits back at lying political hack james clapper…testimony on the hill highly partisan! [video]
trump caught in huge lie about his shady foundation
uh oh! obama returns from vacation ‘fired up’ for his last year in office
racist la sheriff threatens to shoot doj attorney right between the eyes
you won’t believe this: watch donna brazile defend her decision to cheat by leaking questions to hillary [video]
cnn clown who cries about “fake news” uses unverified story to push islamaphobia lie on viewers [video]
sean hannity barely spends 6 seconds on last night’s drubbing – revisits trump ‘victory’ instead
muslim activists running for office in key states…is this the “fundamental transformation”?
busted! obama’s doj extorts money from banks to fund radical groups to push hillary vote
wikileaks clinton campaign email: uneducated, “unaware” supporters not as easy to manipulate as before
president trump’s new chief of staff wants his boss to stop tweeting…but only about one thing
mccain opens up a can of whoop a** on trump for threatening north korea with nuclear war
unreal! watch joe biden point out the guy who “follows” him around with the nuclear codes right after saying trump couldn’t handle the codes
marco rubio nails it: trump as president would have ‘life and death consequences’
watch: black conservative destroys mexican flag carrying protesters: “if your country is so great…why are you here?
not kidding! high school assignment: “prudence is thirty-four. she has had sex with 21 men and 3 women”
bombshell: melania trump refuses to believe access hollywood tapes in bizarre interview
homeless man dies next to 4-star hotel…your blood will boil when you see who is living inside hotel
boston brakes? how to hack a new car with your iphone or android
cnn analyst: white militia are not a threat because they are not ‘looting anything’
u.s. air force runs out of bombs to drop on isis…don’t worry though, barry’s got this
(video) breaking: hillary clinton is facing a possible criminal probe
former kkk leader very excited for trump to bring back days of hitler
tim allen cracks a joke about obama – would be destroyed if potus made the same joke
actress rose mcgowan takes on trump and his ‘enablers’ in brutal op-ed
gowdy on fire! rips into deputy ag rosenstein: “what in the hell is going on at the doj and fbi?” [video]
nancy pelosi has awkward brain freeze when asked to say something nice about trump [video]
sean spicer baffles reporters, claims trump isn’t responsible for hiring flynn
christian nutjobs: ‘eliminate evolution, it’s a religion!’ federal court: lol
destroyed in 10 seconds: tucker carlson exposes hypocrisy of liberal “mash” actor who’s asking electors to block trump from becoming president [video]
homepage
the robbing of innocence: 12 yr old students given cdc survey about transgender, gay and oral sex
trump just went back on another election vow, decides to keep daca
cops killed by guns up 150%…hillary panders to black voters: “we have to retrain our police officers”
provocation? republican senators introduce new bill to move us embassy in israel to jerusalem
fox news is collapsing like a house of cards as andrea tantaros names bill o’reilly in lawsuit
while scott baio’s battle with erin moran’s family continues, his wife defends his ‘size’
watch crowd at pro-israel conference go wild when trump mentions obama’s last year in office
urgent! 24 hours until surrender of internet by treasonous obama: “this is no drill…we need your help now!”
investigators into us-russia ties turn attention to flynn’s business partner
trump: “we have to get them out” says he’ll deport 11 million illegal aliens in 18-24 months
az pastor: ‘perfect christians’ would bathe in ‘f*ggot’ blood while singing psalms
martin sheen has the perfect three words to describe donald trump
bruce springsteen shares depressing trump truthbomb we can all agree on
spectacular! kid rock blows up “made in china” grills in new marketing campaign for “american badass grill” [video]
these disgusting trump t-shirts are exactly what’s wrong with his supporters
democrat chairman yells “all together now…f*ck donald trump!” [video]
a must watch video: steve bannon “if you think they’re going to give you your country back without a fight, you’re sadly mistaken.”
house dem wants gop on record: stop gov’t spending at trump properties
ny professor who’s correctly chosen president for 100 years explains why trump will win
#fakenewsmorningshow gma compares president trump to n. korean’s murderous dictator kim jong un [video]
5 facts the media won’t tell you about cops killing blacks [video]
boeing cuts 10% of jobs after receiving $8.7 billion in government tax breaks and subsidies
awesome! president trump gives fatherly advice about ‘the road of life’ to ucla basketball players
mcmaster gave susan rice continued access to classified info, she still has clearance
texas daycare workers fired for refusing to call a little girl with two male parents a “boy”
mueller team uniform? ‘democratic donkey jerseys’ and ‘i’m with hillary t-shirts’ says congressman
ouch! leftist hollywood just got schooled by one of their own…actor writes scathing letter, suggests hollywood invites un-vetted refugees, illegal alien criminals to oscar ceremony, parties
teacher tells black students he’ll have trump send them ‘back to africa’ and doesn’t think it’s racist
media immediately reports alleged killer of imam, assistant was catholic…takes days to id religion of muslims who commit acts of terror in us [video]
cnn’s don lemon: is he an alcoholic or just a drunk?
evil hillary supporters yell “f*ck trump”…burn truck of daddy fishing with 2 yr son over of trump bumper-stickers [video]
dick cheney to reporter: because trump uses twitter ‘we don’t need you guys anymore’
ben carson returns to endorse donald trump – after a vision from god
hypocrite billy crystal injects jab at trump in eulogy to ali that’s curiously similar to a clinton speech
state department delivers largest dissent document ever in protest of trump’s muslim ban
obama nominates first muslim for federal bench: can a devout muslim rule without including sharia law in his decision?
watch the fireworks! naacp president freaks when he’s asked if he’d “be okay with a congressional white caucus? [video]
missing details: orlando shooting 911 transcripts questioned, survivor’s story challenged
harry reid slams mcconnell’s lack of leadership on ‘meet the press’
judge jeanine on james comey: “he’s a predator!” [video]
seriously? pro-illegal alien supporters demand cops explain why they can’t physically attack trump supporters [video]
new poll asks trump voters if they’d vote for him again…liberal heads will explode when they see the results
whoa! did “white supremacist” who organized charlottesville protests work for cnn? were protests manufactured to create hate for right and trump?
jimmy kimmel: republicans ‘should be praying for god to forgive them’ for las vegas massacre
breaking: obama nominates liberal merrick garland for supreme court justice
fed up fan confronts college basketball player for shooting baskets during national anthem because of his islamic faith…gets standing ovation from crowd
can you hear him now? president trump doubles down: condemns ‘evil’ kkk, white supremacists, neo-nazis [video and transcript]
republican senator sends letter to fbi director questioning fbi relationship to british spy who investigated trump
house issues subpoenas for key obama administration officials: unmasking the unmaskers [video]
huffington post waves white flag…calls race for trump…”journalists” pack for canada
trump revives keystone and dakota access pipelines
‘donald trump’ joins a pro-immigration rally in la and it’s glorious
fake news! rigged nbc/wsj poll claims trump hits “historic lows”…100% false!
donald trump jr. blasts “comedian” kathy griffin after she poses in gruesome photo holding president trump’s bloody, decapitated head
antifa manual found on evergreen college campus: shut down their rallies…force the media to show our side as the righteous one
conservative columnist asks crucial question about trump’s state of mind, and we need an answer
london’s muslim mayor demands more power: “on behalf of all londoners, i am demanding more autonomy for the capital – right now”
ironic: white southerner bill clinton just told black audience white southerners are “racists” [video]
obama’s illegals to get retro tax credits for time they worked in us illegally with no requirement to file
american owned dunkin’ donuts bans women not accompanied by a man from stores in saudi arabia
jill stein claims recount is about possible foreign interference…update: citizens petition to halt recount over evidence of foreigners donations to stein’s recount [video]
leaked footage of johnny depp shows how aggressive he was to amber heard
“i’ll put a bullet in your head!” scuffle breaks out between tx legislators after gop rep calls ice on angry illegal aliens who crashed chambers to protest sanctuary cities ban [video]
stolen valor: men in oregon ‘militia’ caught red-handed falsely posing as marine veterans
watch: hannity loses his sh*t and refers to hillary as ‘president clinton’ during unhinged rant
republican lawmaker introduces bill to eliminate the department of education entirely
kellyanne conway shuts down abc news hack george stephanopoulos after he tries to convince viewers trump isn’t legitimate president [video]
male republican blames ‘female senators’ for gop failure to pass health law
patton oswalt just ripped trump a new one in epic rant about russian hacking
swedish police appalled at level of deception in film trump blamed for his ‘terror attack’ lie
hillary clinton: “victory fund” gets massive cash injection from hedge fund management
new evidence shows foul play, cover-up by fbi and osp in shooting of lavoy finicum – doj opens new investigation
20 time deported mexican laughs while being sentenced for sodomy, kidnapping and sexual assault in sanctuary state of oregon…tells victims’ relatives: “see all you guys in hell!” [video]
democrat clerk claims election “not rigged” but “bungled beyond belief”
obama fear mongering: republican party becoming “unrecognizable”
the “safe welfare state” of sweden descends into anarchy…muslim refugee situation out of control
the vacationer-in-chief was asked to grade his first month in office, and it’s ridiculous
trump-backed republican candidate bodyslams journalist night before election
republicans just granted themselves special status in their latest healthcare bill
these two pictures tell you everything you need to know about the difference between republicans and democrats
democrats freak out as shocking number of union members plan to vote for “blue-collar billionaire” donald trump [video]
house republicans forcing fetal tissue researchers to reveal identities despite risk of violence
(video)great news! irs forced to give store owner’s lifesavings back after seizing it via civil forfeiture law
money to “bern!”…socialist bernie sanders endorses clinton…buys third home on lake for $600k only 3 weeks later
louie gohmert gets completely unhinged and screams at reps during sit-in
stunning! here’s how trump shocked the media and won the woman vote
[video] ann romney won’t say who she supports for president…but audiences may be surprised when she offers praise for this candidate
warren buffett knows exactly why trump’s campaign is broke
car torched and sprayed with “f*ck trump” because of pro-trump sticker
hillary supporter says murders will happen at anti-trump riots: “there will be casualties on both sides….people have to die to make a change…” [video]
breaking: u.s. supreme court justice antonin scalia found dead in tx
new lady liberty is a black woman, and conservatives absolutely lose their sh*t over her
republican senator blasts trump’s administration for ‘unconstitutional’ attempt to hide information from congress
#cnnblackmails private citizen! threatens to expose reddit user who made hysterical wwe/trump video…protects identities of fake russia story sources who lied.
justice? yahoo settles e-mail privacy class-action: $4m for lawyers, $0 for users
these panties let you protest anti-choice republicans in the most hilarious way
nicole kidman breaks ranks with hollywood leftists…speaks out in support of trump’s presidency [video]
unhinged texas woman driving pickup truck with vile anti-trump message gets arrested for unrelated offense
in rare case of factual reporting, fox shows how cruz is too stupid to run for president
several bars will be opening early thursday for comey’s hearing, serving cheap russian vodka
breaking: michael brown friend who started #handsupdontshoot lie arrested
it’s trump’s world – the kkk is getting a mainstream tv show
tomi lahren takes a hammer to hillary: the “most competent woman in history” doesn’t know what “c” means? [video]
busted! watch media’s fake video trying to make trump look bad…media outlets spread #fakenews [video]
celebrate! trump highlight video from “year one”…the list of accomplishments!
gop senator drops bombshell – house intel chair spread fake news about surveillance to help trump
burn! ted cruz calls out the sierra club president on his bogus global warming stats
oops! ukraine caught colluding with democrats to help hillary win election…president poroshenko scrambling to repair damage with trump
fox news fires one of its longest running hosts after he’s caught making racist remark to employee
donald trump just ‘accidentally’ did an interview on russian tv, because of course he did
97-year-old woman dies after being evicted from her lifelong home
sick: kkk holding trump victory parade
“we are progressive”: activist defends $190k payout to illegal alien by taxpayers for being turned over to ice [video]
liberal hack katie couric says fake news is “tearing [america] apart”…doesn’t mention $12 million dollar lawsuit against her for producing edited story to push gun control [video]
jan brewer: there were birther democrats ‘all over the country’
new york times is advocating for internet censorship (controlled by them and other ‘approved’ agents)
barack obama finds friend in “fundamental transformation of america”: shocking way ryan betrayed americans with $1.1 trillion bill
christians can now discriminate against lgbt parents hoping to adopt in texas
trump busted inviting rich friends to sit in on interviews for ‘dictators’ in his cabinet
why we stand with kim davis on her refusal to give same-sex marriage licenses
what’s so wrong with transgender bathrooms? this guy has the awesome answer!
rep luis gutierrez (d-ny) calls murder of kate steinle by illegal alien “a little thing” [video]
new report proves voter suppression handed trump wisconsin and possibly the whole election
badass campus cops cite students for wearing empty holster at college that bans water guns [video]
fbi data shows black-on-black murders off the charts during obama presidency…so why is obama chasing cops from black neighborhoods?
digital tyranny: google and facebook’s automated censorship program
adam schiff savages republicans for canceling hearing on russia collusion to please trump
donald trump tries to win black voters in speech – here’s what they think (video/tweets)
trump literally wanted a north korea style military parade at inauguration including tanks and missile launchers
watch: geraldo rivera’s trip to puerto rico opened his eyes about “wicked” and “negative” treatment of trump by lying media and democrats
trump and his ‘street fighters’ prepare to wage war on leaks, investigations
david letterman shreds the ‘goon’ in the white house: ‘it makes me sick’ that trump represents us
statue of liberty as a muslim? congressman sparks protest after hanging painting in office
uh-oh: sarah palin sounds ready to declare war on trump
‘we know where you live’: trump-loving terrorist threatens all who attack ‘the white race’
scars & strife: ‘the purge election year’ agitprop, change agents & false left–right statecraft
a must watch! mark steyn calls out political violence on the left: “they’ve got to own this!” [video]
there’s something really creepy about melania trump’s signature
mccain slams trump for attacks on khans: he doesn’t represent the gop
bernie sanders makes a promise to all americans that you really won’t believe [video]
fox news responds to trump’s hissy fit over megyn kelly, and he’s not going to like it
sarah palin gets owned for sucking up to julian assange, whom she once called a ‘terrorist’
seriously? pro-illegal alien supporters demand cops explain why they can’t physically attack trump supporters [video]
trump’s fcc makes major move to put his propaganda on every american tv
watch: 75-yr old trump supporter says she’d rather go to jail than remove trump signs from front yard
study shows up to 2.8 million non u.s. citizens voted in 2008…but trump’s crazy to think 3 million illegally voted in 2016…right?
‘small government’ gop rep. wants a law to dictate exotic dancers’ max weight
obama appointed judge sides with dems in critical swing state…doesn’t matter if vote-by-mail ballot signatures don’t match…votes still count
democrats may save oregon’s middle class from gop with new wage law
lol! watch hillary explain hilarious reason she bought house next door to chappaqua home, after she was sure she’d beat donald trump
obama gives un authority to vet 9,000 “refugees” from latin america to u.s.
trump just accidentally confirmed russian contact with sessions in latest twitter fit
one of the worst teams in the nfl will donate $500,000 to push for gun-control
remember when we had a commander in chief who really loved and respected our military?
woman hospitalized, unable to feel her legs after female somali immigrant attacks her for walking “unclean” dogs
white house leaker reportedly a #nevertrumper, top aide for reince preibus
crazed protesters pull down confederate statue in durham…what’s next, the guillotines? [video]
trump defies courts, refuses to release guiliani memo proving intent to ban muslims
hillary hits trump and his so-called ‘university’ hard in brilliant new ad
hollywood libs have epic melt downs…threaten president trump over his transgender military policy
ohio fireman suspended indefinitely over extremely racist facebook post
american mccarthyism: neocon warhawks’ plan to kill antiwar dissent in media
lol! cnn tells viewers “it’s illegal” to read wikileaks emails…so they’ll tell you what’s in them [video]
publix grocery chain directs all stores to block national enquirer magazines with trump on cover [video]
conservative megachurch pastor forced to resign after being busted for extramarital affair
red cross sorry for blatantly racist pool safety poster
[video] they burned down cities…14 yr old doused a non-white baltimore business owner with lighter fluid, lit him on fire…barack obama thanked them yesterday
judge jeanine: like it or not…laws are being enforced! [video]
gop senator ‘more convinced than ever’ hearings are needed after meeting obama’s scotus nominee
who’s the fascist? barack obama, donald trump or hillary clinton?
unholy alliance: hillary clinton’s saudi sponsors support terrorism, islamist extremism
trump stands up for fellow sexual harasser bill o’reilly: he didn’t do ‘anything wrong’
#trumpsacrifices: twitter destroys trump for cowardly attack on military family
donald trump jr. releases emails related to russian lawyer meeting…here are the nothing burger emails the media was salivating over
remember when democrats, media mocked betsy devos for suggesting schools may need guns to protect against bears?…look what just happened!
guy who made millions selling “science” to kids suggests u.s. adopt policy to eliminate kids to save earth [video]
nra recreates children’s stories and gives all the heroes guns
buchanan on trump: after the coup, what then?
shocking mob scene caught on video: men with mexican flags attack female trump supporter, throw objects at her face and head
watch: fox news host vies for dumbest on network while talking about racism and obama
wow! kellyanne conway’s “mistake” forced leftist media to expose what really happened in bowling green…and the truth about these iraqi “refugees” is p.r. nightmare for the left [video]
breaking: yet another trump advisor caught with disturbing russian connections
cheerleading assassination: are hollywood and politicians going too far?
muslim immigrant beats 22-term mn democrat…thanks packed room of somali immigrants in foreign language…no american flags visible [video]
supreme court: abercrombie & fitch loses case brought by headscarf-wearing muslim woman
busted! dem tx rep plays race card, lies about treatment by cop…uncovered dash cam shows truth [video]
planned parenthood worker rains holy hell on ignorant right-wing a**hole on social media
watch obama’s brother rip barack and endorse a surprise candidate in rare interview [video]
veterans can’t get health care…but these mn somali muslims got us taxpayer dollars for college…used it for jihad
anonymous just took an interest in donald trump’s russian lady pee saga
obama’s economic legacy in 9 easy to read charts
report: president trump to replace sean spicer with fox news personality
president trump and melania arrive in poland to cheering crowds [video]
trump attacks hillary: “she is a world class liar!”
mueller’s latest request in russia investigation is going to destroy trump
watch dan bongino call out cnn host for ridiculous bias against trump’s 2a comments [video]
newt gingrich: why obama, not trump, should testify under oath before congress in russia probe [video]
episode #4 – drive by wire: ‘dc rabbit holes’ with patrick & shawn
former nixon aid reveals why the ‘war on drugs’ was created — the reason will make you sick
woman attacked with egg at trump rally is asking for help from fellow patriots [video]
democrats in four states are now suing trump for voter intimidation
episode #159 – sunday wire: ‘tick-tock usa’ with guests dr marcus papadopoulos, basil valentine
trump completely destroys his promise to end corruption on wall street
dem senator ‘increasingly concerned’ trump will fire mueller and rosenstein to stop russia probe
kim davis goes off on gay people, scotus and shoving things down people’s throats
don’t believe the media! massive fl trump rally…fans walk mile to get into rally [video]…while hillary handlers have to tell her when to smile
multi-millionaire #nfl players take knee during national anthem on 9-11 to protest “oppression” next to armed forces who risk their lives for less than 20k per year [video]
ann coulter mocks slain soldier’s dad – simply for being muslim
the android affair: humanity outsourced
unreal! house moves to ban sale or display of confederate flag in federal cemeteries
the amazing white right-wing entitlement of the oregon militants
nancy pelosi’s latest over-the-top claim: trump will “take food out of the mouths of babies and seniors”
let’s play! can you answer the 21 questions that every american should know?
crazy like a fox: joe biden announces $2.45 billion dollar “loan” to money-sucking amtrak…no, we’re not kidding!
take them off or pay huge fine! #nfl won’t allow player to honor 9-11 victims with memorial cleats…disrespecting our flag on 9-11 is a-okay
white house goes rogue: obama approves global warming treaty without congress!…what about the constitution? [video]
watch: nicolle wallace calls out dangerous trump for bullying journalists
obama appointed judge sides with dems in critical swing state…doesn’t matter if vote-by-mail ballot signatures don’t match…votes still count
king obama threatens congress to not mess with iran deal: will congress have will to pull white flag from obama’s hands? [video]
update: father helps students after lefties censored photos with pro-trump slogans
hustler owner is so fed up with trump that he is offering $10 mill for dirt to get him impeached
trump kicks his own teen supporter out of rally ‘for having dark skin’ (video/image)
even donald trump’s inauguration poster has a glaring misspelling
breaking: obama’s race war part ii…brawl breaks out in front of sc statehouse over confederate flag
bill maher reads a list of provable lies to trump campaign manager
new york man shocked to discover who was stealing his trump signs: ‘this is supposed to be the united states’
tucker carlson calls out professor on his claim russia stole the election [video]
media immediately reports alleged killer of imam, assistant was catholic…takes days to id religion of muslims who commit acts of terror in us [video]
sarah palin gets her a** handed to her for calling on trump to pull america out of the united nations
thailand threatens to prosecute facebook over embarrassing video showing king walking through mall in yellow crop top, covered in tattoos [video]
radical director of sierra club: abortion is the key to “sustainable population” [video]
watch: muslim mayor of rotterdam, holland to muslim immigrants, “if you can’t accept freedom, f*ck off”
boycott! pro-gun control seth (racist) rogen, star of newly released “steve jobs” movie sends vulgar tweet: “f*ck you ben carson”
lol! clinton news network (cnn) shut down at trump rally by pro-trump deplorables [video]
(video) donald trump blows the lid off of the gop debate with his rosie o’donnell comment
bundy case ruled a mistrial – will federal case soon crumble?
barracuda! former obama advisor rants against trump for keeping campaign promises [video]
breaking news: daca is done! watch ag jeff sessions explain why obama’s unconstitutional act has harmed americans
radical “tolerant” female antifa, black bloc, leader follows muslim boyfriend to turkey… surprised when she was beaten, raped
house dems erupt on house floor, publicly shame speaker ryan over gun laws
coke just stuck it to trump’s bigotry with the most brilliant super bowl ad ever
actor tim allen: hillary isn’t capable of being funny…bill clinton creepily checked out his wife when they met [video]
“in your face”: obama launches new #refugeeswelcome twitter campaign on twitter
donald trump likes how north korean dictator kills people to solidify power
youth pastor rapes teen girl and church demands she apologize to her rapist’s wife
video: hateful nyc ‘artists’ slip new ‘items’ into trump tower gift shop
‘die hard’ lion’s fan gives best ever #boycottnfl slap at team owner #marthaford : ‘my greatest regret’
super bowl qb peyton manning bankrolling this gop presidential candidate
obama pretends he hasn’t started a race war…pushes for federal police force: “it is very hard to untangle to motives of this [dallas] shooter” [video]
paul ryan takes a monumentally humiliating photo with a constituent who expertly trolled him
trump says “no” to pro-amnesty koch brother’s influence…won’t meet with them
revelation that will shock international security world: video captured from inside sophisticated islamic terror technology lab
the moment fbi director james comey lost all credibility [video]
bombshell: president carter banned iranians from america during hostage crisis
disabled man confronts ted cruz for his lies about obamacare
who’s the fascist? barack obama, donald trump or hillary clinton?
fuming trump calls his colorado loss ‘the biggest story in politics’ after cruz wins all 34 delegates
watch: republican house oversight chair literally blamed obama for trump’s michael flynn scandal
trump’s america: jewish centers rattled with bomb threats
ivanka trump gets hilariously trolled on amazon with perfect reviews of her shoes
trump organization brazenly admits it’s just too much of a hassle to obey the laws
why trump is right to recognize jerusalem as israel’s capital
this gif of biden at obama’s press conference is all of us
leftist reporters tie hillary to firing of #mattlauer
obama to u.s.military on putin: “he did not take my warnings” on syria…encourages russians to “get a little smarter”
creepy: you’ll never believe the deranged thing this trump fan does with his cardboard donald daily
watch: hilarious ad calls into question health of aging clinton crime family bosses
city to decide: should they allow illegals to vote in local elections?
not kidding! obama agrees to turkey’s demands…u.s. troops ordered to wear mark of islam on right arm
boom! ted cruz will conduct hearing today: focusing on muslim brotherhood, cair and obama regime’s cover-ups, “willful blindness” to radical islam
big brother? nyc driving program tracks drivers
catholics should be singing donald trump’s praises after he boldly defended life, while hillary was forced to admit support for barbaric partial-birth abortion
yikes! rick perry on dancing with the stars…how did we miss this?
radical, intolerant students held college administrators hostage…and no one cared [video]
hillary slams cnn for ignoring one of the most important issues in the election
mark levin warns: “obama just planted the seeds for world war iii” in eye-opening video
spot on! lou dobbs: president took rino paul ryan to the woodshed [video]
black pastors rally for sen jeff sessions: “charge of racism leveled at anyone with whom the left disagrees” [video]
critically wounded gop rep. steve scalise stood by trump when others deserted him…recently made adorable birthday video message with trump for his daughter [video]
rush limbaugh: this group is “roadblocking” trump more than any other with approval of over 75,000 refugees this year!
2009 dukes of hazard video eerily predicts the future…this is a must watch!
terrifying: watch donald trump turn these adorable little girls into the hitler youth
fact: donald trump’s education plan would mass-fire teachers and decimate pell grants
white man terrorizes black shop owner by leaving ku klux klan robe
“never-trump” busted! former jeb bush staffer admits to planting roy moore story in washington post
media tripwire? ping pong pizza conspiracy propels internet censorship amid ‘fake news’ witch-hunt
whoops: republicans rushing to hide ‘white elevators’ sign at convention
trump stranded, in full panic as another performer drops out of inauguration
bill maher shows america why donald trump must not be president
playboy “reporter” whines about getting no respect from trump’s female deputy press secretary [video]
donald trump is an illegitimate president-elect because russia helped him steal election
big mouth rosie o’donnell could be heading to prison after taking her hate for president trump too far
update: comey’s leaker goes into hiding [video]
twitter explodes as tortured snowflake trump starts blocking people for making him sad
active shooter or drill? the cascade mall shooting
lou dobbs destroys paul ryan in epic rant: “just get out of the way!” [video]
trump launches grenade at tax and spend washington: “under budget and ahead of schedule…you don’t hear those words too often in government…but you will” [video]
is the united states of america a liberal democracy, or liberal oligarchy?
boycott trump app list backfires…shoppers using this list to buy and support trump companies and supporters
has europe gone mad? convicted terrorist recruiters free to roam streets if they “behave” themselves during trial
massachusetts votes to ignore fed law and let illegals go…this sanctuary state endangers all americans!
watch: iran made videotape of secret $400 million ransom cash-drop from u.s. to mock obama’s embarrassing incompetence [video]
vince foster’s sister is furious with donald trump
neil degrasse tyson schooled right-wing columnist so hard he quit his job in shame
shocked! former cia double agent: hillary played ‘russian roulette’ with spies’ lives [video]
nj gov #chrischristie busted on beach after closing it to the public…social media goes crazy
fox news reporter busts spying on trump wide open…additional “unmaskings” that had zero to do with national security [video]
orrin hatch shuts down liberal hack comparing neil gorsuch to merrick garland: “it’s total b.s.!” [video]
gop rep dave brat humiliates msnbc host craig melvin over liberal media bias…makes melvin wish he never interviewed him [video]
ep #10: patrick henningsen live – ‘inside esoteric hollywood’ with guest jay dyer
activists brilliantly troll chickenhawk trump behind the white house
donald trump was right again: u.s. funds nato in the hundreds of billions
seth meyers’ reaction to trump’s ‘morning joe’ misogyny is something the whole world should see
florida: parents of wife beating husband fly from india to help him beat his “disobedient” wife…all 3 might be deported
wow! leftist bully rosie o’donnell pushes horrible rumor on social media…suggests barron trump has mental disorder [video]
ben carson campaign in shambles after top aides, 20 staffers quit
family threatened at gunpoint for displaying confederate flag on private property…police let suspect go [video]
irony: only political party with black presidential candidate is threatened by #blacklivesmatter co-founder
absolute submission: trump bows to neocon orthodoxy
when in rome: erdogan thugs rough-up press, protesters in washington – no outrage from white house
saudi man threatens backlash over new law allowing women drivers: ‘i will burn her and her car’
christian school board member orders atheists to ‘go back in their hellhole’ if they hate ‘christmas break’
engdahl: ‘trump is a puppet of the deep state’
john mccain throws tantrum, decries trump for ‘letting assad stay’
hysterical…the democrat convention schedule is revealed
second anti-gay massacre stopped by police in l.a.
fox & friends ignores fbi director’s trump bombshell, and jake tapper calls them out
hilarious! tennessee responds to california’s ‘foolish’ travel ban: keep your ‘unfounded moral judgment’ to yourself
windows 10 is stealing your bandwidth
explosive new report proves trump hotel linked to iranian terror organization
(video) cbs reporter major garrett responds to controversy after question that struck a nerve with obama
‘fraud’: major veterans group accuses trump of ripping off soldiers
hannity tears it up in his best ever rant: ‘hillary clinton and her husband sold out america to the russians!’ [video]
watch: angry parents walk out of high school principal’s racist, anti-cop commencement speech [video]
wow! benghazi victim’s sister speaks out: hillary talked to families of benghazi victims 2 days after attack…asked them to “feel sad” for muslim jihadi attackers [video]
obama uses speech on foreign soil to disparage half of america: ted cruz eviscerates jv president with this brutal response [video]
‘f*ck donald trump’: democratic chair of california goes out with both middle fingers in the air
trump promised to put americans first and d.c. trembled: “their victories have not been your victories; their triumphs have not been your triumphs” [video]
mark zuckerberg brutally shames trump for calling the media america’s ‘enemy’
report: trump considering using national guard to hunt down undocumented immigrants
john boehner tries to post on facebook like a regular guy, fails miserably and pays dearly
new york times publishes fake story about donald trump jr…makes small retraction at bottom of page
maddow: it’s ‘a farce’ to pretend the gop doesn’t agree with trump on abortion
democrats conveniently forget 6,000 prisoners obama pardoned including crack dealer who committed horrific crime against 3 innocent americans
proof the mainstream media is manipulating the election by taking bill clinton out of context
comcast gives employees day off to protest trump’s pro-american immigration policy…cto compares trump to venezuelan dictator hugo chavez
daughter of sunni muslim, george clooney wife, open borders activist and british citizen says trump doesn’t represent “u.s. values”
if these celebrities are “with her” then why is hillary paying them big bucks after performing at fundraisers?
no! obscure fund of billions to be used to “shore up” obamacare
obama just declared the flint water crisis a federal emergency, here’s what that means for flint
wow! dnc will keep dirty harvey’s money to fund future democrat campaigns
the gloves are off: hillary’s new ad uses republicans to absolutely pummel trump
priorities: #blacklivesmatter terrorists protest cops in gun-free chicago, while ignoring 6 murders, 21people shot over christmas weekend
facebook releases ads paid for by russians…and they’re not what anyone expected
“little” marco rubio grills trump’s secretary of state nominee like a chihuahua biting the ankles of andre the giant [video]
mike rowe sends a brutal message to the media trying to label trump supporters as “uneducated”
never before seen: fbi trove of 9/11 pentagon photos refuels conspiracy suspicions
former cia director says trump is actually helping isis – here’s how
michelle obama poses in a pretty dress, so racist conservatives call her a ‘monkey’
wow! texas imam agrees with trump about shutting down muslim immigration: “peace comes before religion”
hillary tries to inject social class and race into flint water crisis.. immediately regrets it
donald trump humiliates chris christie again and it’s worse than ever before
trump’s national security speech reveals policy based on 4 principles focusing on ‘america first’
she’s got the scoop! catherine herridge: “obama put his hands on the scales of justice” [video]
pres. obama starts 2016 with a huge win: iran turns over nuclear program, gop silenced
republicans say trump must stop pushing this conspiracy theory or people will get hurt
man almost dies on flight because crew didn’t think black women can be doctors
senate gives trump jr. ultimatum: respond by friday or face subpoena
watch: msnbc host hilariously informs republican men why they should pay for prenatal care
disturbing: tomi lahren panders to “the view” hags, says she’s always been “pro-choice”…oops!…video emerges of lahren calling pro-choicer’s “straight up baby killers” only 3 months ago
new york gov cuomo thinks he’s the boss of you: bans travel to mississippi!
best tweet of the day
white supremacist pac launches radio ad touting trump as champion of christians
john mccain’s son really hates ignorant racists, so he did this to piss them off
the real truth about why obama is planting muslim refugees in small towns across america
breaking wikileaks: dnc chair colluded with media and clinton campaign to destroy bernie sanders
[video] what jerry seinfeld has to say about overly pc college kids will make the left crazy
give ‘em hell jesse: shouldn’t you democrats start focusing on winning instead of whining? [video]
invited pop star says she’ll perform at trump inauguration only if she can sing song about lynching blacks
all of al franken’s apologies to women he groped have one disturbing thing in common
keith olbermann drops truth bomb about trump and electoral college — time for them to do their job
sam bee’s response to trump’s mega-gaffe is the best thing to go viral yet
the daily show puts vile fox host in her place for accusing president obama of faking tears
richard branson: trump came to me broke and vowing revenge on those who wouldn’t give him money
breaking: revealed! hillary’s paid speeches published by wikileaks and it’s not pretty
trump made nasty comment about nancy reagan’s looks – can’t go to funeral now
busted! nancy pelosi claims no meeting with russian ambassador…photo from 2010 proves otherwise! [video]
breitbart’s joel pollack brilliantly shuts down “the view” lunatics [video]
‘grab ‘em by the p*ssy’: scott baio says wife of red hot chili peppers drummer beat him up
did ron paul just confuse al-qaeda with isis, or does he simply not know the difference?
obama fights to keep radical agenda alive: asks crooked ag loretta lynch to find way to challenge supreme court decision that blocked his executive order amnesty scheme
trump was right about cnn being “very fake news”: federal judge rules against cnn in “fake news” case…may have acted with “actual malice”
judge jeanine pirro: mitt romney awoke a sleeping giant [video]
ca: state legislators want traffic fines to be tied to income…because of “racism”
cbs 60 minutes withheld trump’s appeal to ‘stop attacking minorities,’ and ignored reports of attacks on trump supporters
watch bill maher absolutely wreck red state voters for putting party over humanity
trump is getting ravaged by chinese media for ‘acting like a rookie’
poll shows a huge chunk of federal employees would quit under trump presidency
republicans are working to make it legal to injure, kill protesters in north dakota
ted cruz attacks sean penn for ‘glorifying homicidal killers’ — here’s penn’s brilliant response
drunks and empty seats: crooked hillary panders to patrons at florida bar…speaks to empty seats in ft lauderdale baptist church [video]
stunning new poll reveals global opinion of donald trump, this is unprecedented
shocking: why our fed government will grant “disabled” status with benefits to spanish speaking residents of puerto rico
you’re fired! mitt romney’s niece tells mi gop grassroots chair and former ted cruz state director…get behind trump or get lost
jason chaffetz prepares to run for the hills as the russia probe heats up
wow: republican nyt columnist quits gop, rips trump to pieces in must-read rant
watch: powerful video perfectly explains how and why trump is manipulating white people
shocking video shows how easily drug dealers scale ‘wall’ with giant bails of marijuana on backs
unhinged leftist apologizes to “refugees” who gang raped her
trump’s creepy obsession with waterboarding gets renewed by istanbul suicide bombings
donald trump: president obama is ‘founder of isis,’ honored by terrorists
(video) clinton supporters really like the trump tax plan
actress jodie foster weighs in on the phony ‘war on women’…hillary won’t like this!
unreal! obama says hiroshima tour to honor “all” wwii dead [video]
wikileaks: clinton lied for decades about why marines rejected her
trump’s plan to repeal obamacare is being denied by health care professionals
this is not a joke! soros-linked group has plan to destroy trump…will register 8 million “global voters” for hillary [video]
the stunning list of barack obama’s “firsts”
why the mueller ‘witch hunt’ on president trump is dead
ambassador john bolton: susan rice has “real legal problems here” [video]
classless 53-yr old michelle obama goes solo on yacht in spain: flashes photographers in high slit skirt…seamlessly goes from straw hat and braless look to “gangsta”
the gun industry is hating trump and the gop, and the reason why is hilarious
british mp nigel evans shames anti-trump parliament: “he is going to go down in history as being roundly condemned for being the only politician to keep his promises” [video]
navy seals “forced to spend their own money on combat gear”…while u.s. marines will spend $50 million to save desert tortoises
tillerson to north korea: ‘we are not your enemy’ – us seeks dialogue, not regime change
the jack blood show: ‘from may day riots to globalism’ with 21wire guest shawn helton
child porn, jihadi websites found on phone after “12 year old” migrant assaults foster parent
trump exposes obama’s incompetence: cuts epa budget…still fixes flint’s water crisis
(video) obama in africa: i’m proud to be first kenyan-american president
rio olympics opening ceremonies had a big message that made conservatives foam at the mouth
guess who we spotted in the vip section at a clinton rally? hillary’s campaign couldn’t get any creepier
exposed: trump staffers feed him a steady diet of fake news
watch: trump ‘honors’ black history month by praising himself and attacking the media
a reporter asked paul ryan if he still has confidence in trump, he ran away
it’s really happening: trump adviser lays out plan for national muslim registry
real indian, gop senate hopeful shiva ayyadurai just got great news…fake indian elizabeth warren aligns herself with hillary clinton in new fundraising email
chris christie reportedly told trump to take his cabinet positions and shove ‘em
corker has last word on day care donnie: ‘on the path to wwiii’
wikileaks email: clinton fan boy says he “knows” trump-hater megyn kelly…offers to arrange softball interview for hillary
boom! watch trey gowdy scorch fbi director comey in house hearing on hillary’s e-mail scandal [video]
smiling host shows women how to apply make-up to beaten up face in country with 99% muslim population [video]
national salary? this crazy country ready to vote for “free money” for everyone
breaking: paris terrorist was syrian refugee…arrived in greece last month
trump responds to elizabeth warren’s brutal tweets against him – fails miserably
trump is now threatening a lawsuit over copyright violation of his penis
fmr. dni james clapper: trump’s russia scandal is worse than watergate
florida crowd attacks police officer attempting to make arrest
high school teacher asks students to “pretend you are a muslim”
respect! students brave pouring rain to take down american flag
why is the presence of russian aircraft fighter jets near u.s. shores increasing?
bad news for the speaker: many republicans agree…trump’s debt deal was better than paul ryan’s
sweden is on brink of collapse… gun purchases are way up…pepper spray selling out…muslims beating non-muslims on streets
environmental terrorists videotape themselves carving a quote into trump golf course green…the liberal media calls it “a daring act of defiance” [video]
bye-bye harvey! weinstein’s wife, mother of his young kids is leaving…here’s what she’s saying to the victims
obama’s “hateful rhetoric” all in one video: “they cling to their guns…”
monica lewinsky wrote an obituary for roger ailes and it was brutal
these “polls” don’t lie! hillary plans huge black baptist church rally…massive number of empty seats…workers forced to “shrink” room
malia obama is getting political and standing up against trump
it’s come to this: leftist media and protesters go for the jugular in all out freak out over possible trump win on super tuesday [video]
report: trump’s mind shattered in the face of mortifying defeat
‘hamilton’ creator slams social media slacktivists who won’t get off their a*s to vote
fox host calls out mitch mcconnell for being a hypocrite on supreme court nominees
giuliani’s pathetic excuse for trump’s bragging about sexual assault will disgust you
ted cruz very sorry he cheated his way to iowa win
rupert murdoch told roger ailes to help elect ‘anyone but trump’ – ‘even hillary’
the new cold war: a chilling prospect for the world
mike huckabee throws evangelicals under a speeding bus for not supporting his campaign
why ford’s dark secret may come back to haunt them over owner’s support of nfl protests
boiler room ep #125 – live from the swamp train with funksoul, randy j, patrick henningsen
bill o’reilly embarrasses megyn kelly…publishes letters she wrote thanking him for being a “dear friend” and for “years” of support after she bashed him on her flailing nbc morning show [video]
us state department talking head transforms into al qaeda’s spokesperson
did iran release this footage of captured u.s. sailor apologizing to humiliate america?
trump insults john mccain for refusing to strip healthcare from millions of americans
left goes nuts after antifa woman attacking trump supporter got punched…that was before this photo revealed what she had in her hand [video]
lol! cnn host don lemon tells viewers: “we will not insult your intelligence” by reporting on susan rice spying scandal [video]
loser trump explodes on twitter, claims ted cruz ‘illegally stole’ iowa
“hillary will be indicted”
dumbass alaska lawmaker claims women have abortions for a ‘free trip to the city’
john oliver exposes shocking reality of money in politics
watch: ethics expert busts kellyanne conway for breaking rules by shilling for ivanka trump’s business
facebook’s new ‘proactive’ ai to scan posts for suicidal thoughts
eu leaders pledge extra €1 billion in aid to refugees…slovakia will take eu to court over forced refugee quotas
obama lights up white house hours after gay marriage decision…still won’t lower flags for unarmed marines murdered by muslim terrorist
is this the terrorist who inspired dallas cop killer? “we must kill all white police officers across the country…we’re asking that all black police officers take a leave of absence”
infamous romanian hacker tells fox news host how “easy” it was to hack hillary’s server [video]
breaking news: hollywood kingpin, and top hillary donor, harvey weinstein just got some very bad news from his own company
houston texan players threaten owner for telling nfl team owners “we can’t have the inmates running the prison” during private meeting
video: watch james o’keefe easily obtain eminem’s election ballot in undercover sting
three liberal female supreme court justices slam texas gop over anti-abortion bill
trump ‘promises’ to fix black people’s problems and gets spectactularly owned for it on twitter
breaking: fl gov rick scott calls for fbi director to resign
north korea: will world war iii kick off this week?
nbc management “protected the sh*t out of him”: details of married matt lauer’s disgusting acts of sexual harassment are revealed after democrat fan boy is fired
electors will not be given intelligence briefing before they cast their votes
trump supporters just destroyed a black church in the most disrespectful way
while texas republicans focus on abortions and bathrooms, it’s still legal to f*ck a cat
sarah palin just tried (and failed) to attack obama and got ripped apart by the internet
#anyonebuthillary: new poll shows bernie supporters won’t vote for hillary…who they’ll vote for if hillary’s the nominee may surprise you
oklahoma gun range refused service to muslim man, now he’s giving them what they deserve
beyonce doubles down…debuts #lemonade, another race baiting, cop-hating, pro-obama song…with sweet michael brown’s mama and serena williams
unrecognizable after major plastic surgery…hollywood lib renee zellweger criticizes trump: “why are we talking about how women look?” [video]
cnn anchor asks van jones to take back his praise for president trump…viewers are stunned by his response [video]
mitt romney just went after donald trump for being exactly like mitt romney
can you guess the one thing majority of bernie sanders supporters have in common?
[video] #blacklivesmatter activist posts staged video of police brutality against a protestor on twitter
this international company is luring refugees and illegals to america…do you buy meat from them?
as angry far left protesters scream ‘kill the bill’, senator john mccain returns to deliver stunning speech [video]
obama’s former “press liar” warns trump not to cross the community organizer’s “red line”…lol! [video]
muslim men win big discrimination suit against employer for violating religious beliefs, while nuns, christian bakers and city clerks all lose cases
breaking: man rushes to paris police station doors with knife screaming “allahu akbar”…was he another “muslim clock boy?”
actor james woods shares hair-raising video that shows real reason president trump refuses to share in angela merkel’s horrific legacy
oops! mit researchers debunk global warming data…report confirms president trump was right to pull out of paris climate agreement
wow! hillary’s uncensored comments about monica lewinsky revealed by longtime hillary friend [video]
wow! nasty liberals attack 9-year old girl after video showing her getting excited to see donald trump goes viral…” i will punch that lil girl in ha face”
libertarians want security briefings – maybe then gary johnson would know what aleppo is
texas church shooter: years before ‘soft target’ attack, gunman tried to carry out death threats on cia linked air force base
watch: the simpsons brutally parodies trump’s first 100 days
this mainstream news organization thinks trump is so awful they’ve done something shocking
america’s oldest suit manufacturer drops nfl ads: “our companies will not condone unpatriotic behavior!”
eric trump accidentally exposes who was behind syria strike and the whole trump family’s in trouble
secret service agent says hillary has parkinson’s disease…has trouble walking…flashing lights, strobes cause seizures [video]
afghan interpreter for us murdered by taliban while waiting 4 yrs for promised visa [video]
elizabeth warren just proved why she’s trump’s absolute worst nightmare
senate republicans diss trump badly–they love tim kaine and aren’t afraid to say so
marco rubio defends trump calling mexicans ‘rapists’: “i give him credit!’
ellen degeneres tells hillary clinton to her face who she wants as president
alarming! this state’s school system to take over everyday parenting tasks
hillary’s running mate tim kaine: the nra hates him, and he kicked their butts
man says he ‘didn’t mean to offend anyone’ with float featuring trump executing hillary
trump is throwing jared kushner under the bus over mueller indictments
trump threatens joe biden, says he would ‘love’ to fight ‘mr. tough guy’
trump just lost his sh*t after report claims he paid russian ladies to pee on his bed in moscow
video: black man tells reporter they’re taking protests to charlotte suburbs
al sharpton blames racism for trump victory, then says he’s not gonna blame anyone [video]
habitual liar: remember the touching story hillary told about helping a little girl in a wheelchair? it was all a lie…here’s proof! [video]
‘make rape legal’ blogger whines to cops from mommy’s house over alleged threats
msnbc pinhead host threatens fox’s bill o’reilly: “come and sue me…i dare you” [video]
trump throws colossal tantrum after america finds out about secret meeting with putin
why hillary clinton is responsible for us failures in libya and syria
fox news rushes to id mosque attacker as moroccan muslim — he’s a white, christian, nazi trump fan
(video) alan dershowitz – sad day for justice – baltimore prosecutor overcharged and identified with protesters
here’s what happens when children win a science contest in trump’s america
was martin luther king jr. a republican? the truth will make conservatives freak out
breaking #cnnleak…james o’keefe’s new undercover recordings expose #cnnfakenews operatives: “i mean, i’m a little biased”…” i agree. i think it’s dishonest” [video]
north korea: trump’s recklessness could trigger all-out conflict on korean peninsula
(video) staffer pleading fifth on emails ‘another blow’ to hillary
third woman accuses donald trump of sexual assault
baltimore teacher breaks 7-yr-old’s jaw for being ‘disruptive,’ throws child into wall
dick durbin clashes with pelosi: you can only be a dem if you support abortion [video]
breaking: nyc bombing suspect arrested after shooting nj cop!
this’ll make your day: ‘the chalkening’ continues on campuses across america [video]
watch: mexican-american trump supporter destroys liberal ca city council member: “the problem with liberals is they lay claim to helping minorities but rarely help them”
pope francis blasts conservatives for ‘sin’ of spreading fake news, equates it to eating feces
strange: hillary goes off the rails in labor union speech
dc chief of police denies concealed weapons permits…no jail…christian clerk refuses to issue same sex marriage licenses…guess where she ends up
bill o’reilly just made the most offensive and outrageous claim about black lives matter ever
flashback: hillary received $500k in jewelry from king of barbaric nation who brutally oppresses women
rick santorum endorses rubio, but can’t actually name any of his accomplishments
karma strikes: white trump fanatic who sucker punched black man charged with assault
disaster capitalists: how bill and hillary’s “clinton foundation” used relief donations like an atm
wow! “‘haley’s’ comet” just collided with hypocritical, anti-israel, terror-nation supporting u.n.…and the results were spectacular! [video]
new book reveals hillary’s anti-semitic side: blamed bill’s campaign manager for losing congressional race…called him a “f*cking jew b*stard”
watch rep. steve king’s bombshell answer on why trump’s wall hasn’t been built yet [video]
donald trump responds to mockery over fake swedish attack – prepare to laugh your a** off
crowd on ‘the view’ goes wild when bernie calls trump exactly what he is
border patrol agent tells of shocking obama border policy: “they are released with a bus ticket and a work permit” [video]
trump confidante confirms: the donald doesn’t want to be president anymore
tennessee gop lawmaker offers to fund bundy terrorists’ armed insurgency
why did the un have a pro-gun control meeting at spa in mexico and why weren’t dissenters allowed?
flesh eating disease in america? yep…syrian refugees may be bringing disease with them
breaking: house votes “yes” on american security against foreign enemies act…but what does that really mean for our nation’s security?
chris matthews confused about georgia election loss: “i don’t know what the h*ll he was selling” [video]
sickening: donald trump actually hit on a 10-year-old girl
leaked audio: ceo of cbs gleefully celebrates the rise of donald trump
how trump tried to get money from a terrorist-backing dictator
flint’s #crookedmayorweaver tells trump he’s not welcome in broken, jobless, violent democrat ruled city
cnn hosts shocked as republican says ‘white males’ have been left out of politics
after 7 torturous years of a wussified president, ben carson makes surprising statement about what he’d have done to or shooter [video]
arrogant john kerry: trump administration “will last a year, two years, whatever” [video]
admiral james “ace” lyons warns: what the joint chiefs should do to stop the transformation of our military
why did obama approve $418 million sale of u.s. weapons to kenya on his last day in office…and why was the contract awarded to a firm who never produced one of these planes?
the internet just tore trump apart after he doubled down on racist john lewis attacks
senate republicans blast donald trump’s racist, dangerous muslim ban with full force
cia gatekeeper? cnn’s chris cuomo says americans are ‘criminals’ for reading wikileaks’ clinton email dump
man brutally assaulted at ca trump rally tells horrific story of attack by domestic terrorists [video]
woman cries after seeing how easily our votes are stolen by electronic voting machines [video]
here’s the exact moment cnn got a sitting congressman to admit donald trump is a racist
seriously? mexico is threatening texas with a law suit?
southside chicago blacks fight against liberal elites on removing statues: “leave that statue alone!” [video]
[video] rep governor walks away from cnn “journalist” after lame attempt to blame governor for dem mayor ‘s disastrous response to baltimore riots
racist north carolina hospital volunteer loses her sh*t after she meets a black family
obama lies about number of troops on ground in iraq…flashback, obama 2009: [video] “after nearly nine years, america’s war in iraq will be over.”
dear rnc: an everyday american writes a letter to explain the trump phenomenon
corrupt state department deletes key info from press conference…who demanded this?
indiana: “black male” fires several shots at truck with make america great again, usa flags…help police find him
obama’s crystal clear response to republicans’ threat to block his scotus nominee is perfect
breaking bombshell: obama’s foreign policy guru admits to shocking lies obama told to sell americans on iran deal
conservatives fight back against proposed “obamacare lite”…demand full repeal of obamacare
eric trump says political correctness motivated his dad to run: renaming of “christmas tree”…forcing firemen to remove american flag from trucks
attempts by trump to pardon anyone indicted by mueller could backfire on him in a big way
wmd fraud: sexed-up un ‘chemical weapons’ report on syria contrived to trigger more sanctions, intervention
analysis of trump camp’s spending shows trump wins for the most backward campaign ever
that time an ohio ammosexual 2nd amendmented himself in a chik-fil-a bathroom
expect more ‘terror busts’ as fbi steps up its use of “isis stings”
four-time deported illegal alien gang member sexually assaults 2-yr old girl in front of 4-yr old brother…violently stabs mother, another woman
breaking: secret recordings about clinton foundation caused hostility, in-fighting between fbi agents
wow! jill stein’s ‘fireside chat’ exposes her delusion on recount [video]
this man just exposed a sorry truth about a vital part of trump’s campaign
the internet savages trump after he promotes fox news propaganda again
trump hater megyn kelly pummeled in ratings while hannity soars!
trump put an american flag on his birthday tweet to melania – there’s just one problem
watch: hilarious leaked video shows australian pm mocking trump and it’s now the best thing on the internet
hillary wins big in tuesday election battle
trump advisor’s excuse for his boss ignoring white terrorism is beyond laughable; it’s dangerous
while trying to brag trump jr accidentally showed how sexist republicans are and now he’s frantic
donald trump’s first campaign tv ad is here, and it’s worse than we imagined
god created our hands? these scientists said he did
elizabeth warren shreds donald trump’s pathetic economic ‘plan’
police refused to believe german man’s emergency call saying girlfriend was being raped by refugee with machete while camping
epic fail: anti-trump movement spent $75 million on 64,000 ads
bill o’reilly makes ben carson admit ‘it would take a miracle’ to win gop nomination
the internet perfectly humiliates racist breitbart for boycotting kellogg’s
convenient? ‘active shooter’ kills 5 in fort lauderdale, cnn claims voices in his head ‘told him to join isis’
breaking: anti-trump radicals caught discussing plans to shut down metro trains in dc during inauguration [video]
national republican just blamed women for assaults — again
the nra is busy pursuing their ‘more guns’ agenda in florida by completely denying science
5-star mooch, her taxpayer funded mom and meryl streep travel to africa to discuss “gender inequality”
watch: gop governor tells christians to martyr themselves for right to discriminate
shout poll: should apple give fbi backdoor access to iphones?
in a show of weakness…obama will not provide this list of political prisoners to human rights violator raul castro
top ten most “ethically challenged” clinton e-mails
president trump: “terrible. just found out that obama had my ‘wires tapped’ in trump tower just before the victory…this is mccarthyism!”
how kim davis got a seat to attend state of the union is just as pathetic as kim davis
gop strategist: trump supporters are all ‘crazy’ nazis ‘who masturbate to anime’
watch laura bush remind her husband it’s not okay to dance at funerals
watch: cnn host delivers blistering smackdown to trump – ‘he ought to show some respect’
boom! poll shows support for trump with blacks surges…destroys romney’s numbers with latino voters [video]
lol! trump responds to race-obsessed congressman lewis after calling him an “illegitimate president”…media attacks “loathsome” trump [video]
live feed…#batonrouge update 3 cops murdered…several shot…officers responding to gunfire call…#obamaswaroncops
andrew jackson biographer: trump actually said he could have prevented the civil war
‘classified’ emails from hillary clinton and huma abedin found on anthony weiner’s laptop
watch: hitler explodes at trump campaign in hilarious video mocking white supremacist rage
breaking news: sebastian gorka out…are ivanka and jared behind his resignation?
oops: trump supporter argues hillary could rig election because republicans do it all the time
nbc gets brutal with donald trump, releasing the video he never wanted us to see
can we add dirty money ‘laundering’ to the obama $1.7 billion iran ransom payment?
brilliant! why “democratic” socialism doesn’t work [video]
watch: jake tapper buries kellanne conway for lies and hypocrisy about terrorism coverage
a must read: the real story of amtrak’s politicized existence and insane funding
“stop blaming white people for trump’s win last night…america voted for actual change” [video]
just in: judicial watch claims comey’s fbi hid and “blacked out” records of secret loretta lynch meeting with bill clinton on tarmac
watch: george stephanopoulos shreds kellyanne conway with facts about trump’s muslim ban
watch: will ferrell skewers trump as he reprises his george w. bush impression
trump hotels asked for people’s favorite travel memories, and twitter lit them up
did hillary really think she’d get away with telling big fat lie about obama’s “red line” comment?
the ultimate community organizer: is your neighborhood too white? is it too rich? obama plans to ‘fix’ them using government to force diversity
dramatic testimony during trump town hall: “mr trump, you saved my life” [video]
4 reasons why this little-known trump aide is more dangerous to trump than paul manafort
shocker! cnn’s jake tapper puts lying palestinian propagandist in his place: “if i run at a cop with a knife, i’m going to get shot” [video]
swedish woman sexually assaulted in broad daylight by 9 migrants…ex-boyfriend loses it over out-of-control migrants…feminists attack victim…call her “racist” [video]
veteran’s family asks trump for help after he asked va for help for with ptsd…va put him on 6 month wait list…vet committed suicide on 9-11-16
la times columnist slammed for mocking sarah sanders in ‘sexist’ article…what about the cartoon?
president trump warns comey…tweets veiled threat to former fbi director
veterans shred trump for exploiting navy seal’s death while press fawns all over him for it
trump’s lawyer posts photo of his daughter in lingerie, says you’re just jealous of how hot she is
outgoing gop senator blisters the ‘adult daycare center’ that is trump’s white house
uncle tom cnn guest attacks larry wilmore: ‘what if someone called sanders the k-word?’
al michaels does commentary on who didn’t stand for national anthem at nfl opener
lt col tony shaffer slams jim clapper on trump criticism: “he’s an idiot!” [video]
hispanic rep just told trump where he can shove his ‘border wall’ – and it’s epic
rand paul forgot to delete tweet calling for people to use 2nd amendment to ‘shoot at the government’
‘dilbert’ creator scott adams says comparing trump to hitler is racist
the internet wrecks tomi lahren for halloween costume which violates u.s. flag code
citizens silent while “alt-left” rejoices…3 more confederate statues removed in the dark of night after city council vote [video]
us thanksgiving guide: how to celebrate a sordid and genocidal history
shocking: why our fed government will grant “disabled” status with benefits to spanish speaking residents of puerto rico
james comey’s legacy: blaming russia rather than saudi arabia and israel
politico writer suggests trump is having sex with daughter ivanka…shows no remorse…politico fires her
cenk uygur rages at white apathy after cpd murders black teen
department of justice fines sheriff for excluding illegals when hiring
people upset by nfl players ‘disrespecting’ the flag do it constantly, according to the flag code
catherine herridge: ‘verifiable proof’ comey drafted hillary’s exoneration letter two months prior to interviewing key witnesses [video]
wikileaks posts new document…shows hillary reportedly asked: ” can’t we just drone this guy [julian assange]?”
boom! trump poll numbers going up…up…up! while media, democrats, george soros efforts to destroy him fall flat [video]
college punishes success by not allowing yacht club at prestigious school [video]
busted! anti-trump contractor arrested for leaking classified info to the media [video]
major cosmetic company announces plans to release anti-trump hair product…#boycott
proposed budget deal is much worse on u.s. border security than we originally thought
hillary supporter brags about looting “white businesses” in milwaukee…honors hillary’s equal opportunity card…brings sister along [video]
fox news host exposes jimmy kimmel hypocrisy after his paid “goon” disrupts al church service where roy moore spoke
is ivanka trying to convince her father to break one of his key campaign promises?
crazy video! mayor of baltimore: we gave rioters “space to destroy”
watch: morning joe rips republicans who are defending russia instead of america
trump demands mitch mcconnell ‘get back to work’ while vacationing from vacation
obama just gave the perfect response to donald trump’s bs wiretap claim
death of a nation by executive order: who voted to bring 33 million immigrants to america?
most corrupt presidential lawyer in history is terrified of trump’s lying
breaking bad: john mccain’s campaign rocked by meth lab scandal
trump goes on delusional tweet storm about democratic party chair election
trump goes disgustingly low with assault on hillary’s family
cnn host doesn’t recognize star spangled banner…tells viewers to listen to french national anthem
michigan senate approves bill to allow concealed carry in “gun free zones” or “mass murderer empowerment zones”
wow! donna brazile was warned to protect herself after seth rich murder…when brazile asked hillary to use some of her millions to help find rich’s murderer…hillary abruptly ended phone call
new york welfare programs more generous than sweden or france
dear democrats and liberals…stop complaining about the election…you’re the ones who created “us”
education secretary blocked and harrassed trying to enter d.c. school [video]
shout! poll: should protesters be allowed to shut down political rallies?
andrew breitbart: “i don’t care who our candidate is…i will march behind whoever our candidate is, because if we don’t…we lose!”[video]
boiler room – ep #52 – never ending chaos
all hell is breaking loose in germany: citizens want “refugees” gunned down at borders [video]
ucla player’s father disses trump on china release…downplays his son’s crime: ‘i’ve seen a lot worse’
breaking video: bricks and rocks hurled at police by teens (7 injured) in baltimore as they prepare for a night of more violence
boiler room ep #130 – mandalay cover-up
golf addicted 70-year-old man says he ‘couldn’t care less about golf’
trump tells daca recipients not to worry and gets thrashed by the internet
republicans working to make unprecedented move into everyone’s bedrooms
cia operative admits deep state globalist control – the game of nations
nfl star delivers tough message about “exterminating blacks” for any voter who supports hillary [video]
trump sounded like a choir boy next to hillary’s foul-mouthed, abusive rants: “where’s the miserable c*ck sucker?”…and more
they knew! federal government knew flint, mi water was poisoned, kept it hidden…10 have already died
trump just got one of his victims’ relatives to stab her in the back and twist
u.s. air force advertises martin luther king day ‘fun shoot’ event, claims it was an ‘honest mistake’
donald trump has a much bigger problem with speaking fees than clinton ever did
hillary’s lap dog va senator tim kaine calls for violence in the streets to combat trump [video]
40 million bad*ss birders just declared war on oregon terrorists
liberal lansing, mi mayor forced to remove “sanctuary city” status after mi residents hammer him for arrogant announcement on tucker carlson [video]
ellen just proved she’s a huge hypocrite and knows nothing about trump [video]
white trump supporter violently attacks muslim and hispanic students in kansas
the fix is in: michigan mayor threatened by dnc for cheering for his candidate at debate [video]
where’s hillary? clinton spotted dining alone
this one sentence beautifully nails down exactly what kind of ‘leader’ trump will be
biden says he’s ‘ready’ for a woman president
hateful klansman praises gop ticket for what they just did
report: a sitting republican senator will endorse clinton if trump is gop nominee
arrested: muslim us army vet charged with plotting terror attack in us on behalf of isis
white house officials caught openly mocking trump, administration in free fall
where was media outrage after this woman deliberately plowed car into las vegas crowd…killing one, injuring 35 others? [video]
war hawk, anti-trumper rinos join dems to investigate russian influence in election…trump says russian interference claim is “ridiculous”[video]
black caucus demands action: calls on congress to hold gun vote in wake of dallas tragedy
video: top 10 most embarrassing presidential family members
(video) news media stoops to a shocking all time low with this report on public sex act
sore winner: trump attacks clinton with putin’s help
an inside look at obama’s 5-star summer vacation retreat: meanwhile…62% of americans won’t be taking a vacation this summer
trump blasts john mccain and lindsey graham: they “should focus their energies on isis, illegal immigration and border security instead of always looking to start wwiii” [video]
white texas teacher caught on camera beating black student in classroom
respect: hollywood actor volunteers to fight isis in syria
update: why univ of michigan replaced scheduled showing of “american sniper” with pg movie about a teddy bear
watch: “nasty” san juan mayor continues to bite the hand that feeds the people who elected her
we will not comply! va residents refuse to obey leftist governor’s ban on confederate flag license plates
is a gop civil war coming? rnc chair accidentally spoke the truth about 2016 nomination process
trump supporters at ‘mother of all rallies’ massively outnumbered by marching juggalos
trump just broke a new record, finally has a ‘win’ that will shock america
michael moore says he is ‘absolutely’ convinced trump will ban muslims
makers of fake planned parenthood baby parts video slapped with 15 felony charges
unhinged feminist protesters making ‘p*ssyhats’ to wear at the anti-trump march
obama ready to do battle with america: will “aggressively defend” bringing muslim refugees to u.s.
golf’s jack nicklaus weighs in on what donald trump is doing to america [video]
trump leaves clinton puppet george stephanopoulos wishing he wouldn’t have asked that question…[video]
irrational georgetown professor has month-long meltdown over fellow muslim professor who voted for trump: “f*ck you!” [video]
watch: 75-yr old trump supporter says she’d rather go to jail than remove trump signs from front yard
rare interview with white house secretary: bill clinton had affairs with “thousands of women”…”monica lewinsky is alive today because of choices i made”
angry dad confronts school board after finding out children being taught islam in school [video]
trump just got shredded by a republican strategist, presidency crumbling
four star general blisters trump over nfl anthem-tantrums: ‘put me down with kaepernick’
all hell is about to break loose between european vigilante group “soldiers of odin” and isis inspired “soldiers of allah”
republicans may force democrats to use this extreme tactic to appoint obama nominee
fox news staffers call sean hannity massive embarrassment: ‘are we still airing that sh*t?!’
former obama photographer takes trolling trump to a whole new level
democrats threaten kids education: chicago teachers union demands raises as chicago public schools run out of money in one week
somali pirate posing as a “refugee” found covered in blood after stabbing roommate 19 times in german government funded housing
clinton coverup: why was major clinton crony put on sensitive intelligence board? [video]
tired of things going well, marco rubio makes promise to destroy america again
trump gets humiliated by his own joint chiefs, contradict his transgender ban
#veryfakenewscnn busted after getting major detail in donald trump jr.-wikileaks story wrong
university retracts study claiming chocolate milk cures concussions, returns 229k to sponsors
bill clinton’s rape accusers speak out: “we are terrified of hillary” [video]
texas newspapers humiliate ted cruz by endorsing anyone but him for president
watch elizabeth warren hilariously mock ‘loser’ trump on colbert show
vp pence outraged! the associated press publishes his wife’s private email address
rep luis gutierrez (d-ny) calls murder of kate steinle by illegal alien “a little thing” [video]
is nothing sacred? ivanka trump’s passover family photo has been exposed as a fake
the wall street journal just slammed trump as a ‘fake president’ for lying so much
bill o’reilly announces 2 week vacation…will murdoch’s liberal son who pushed to fire roger ailes make his vacation permanent? [video]
former pastor turned teacher beat students, then hugged, prayed with them
house republicans just spit on the grave of an american hero
clueless anti-trump protesters asked why they oppose trump [video]
ranking dem on house russia probe has explosive news for trump that will have him running scared
george h.w. bush may have just dealt an incredibly stinging blow to the trump train
jeb bush wants congress to approve amnesty and confirm loretta lynch (eric holder in a skirt) for ag position
liberals have no business criticizing president trump until they can explain what former president obama is doing in this photo
for bannon, the losses just keep coming
white house clobbers texas lt. gov outrage over trans students, and it’s glorious
doj’s jeff sessions opens investigation into what the fbi told the fisa court about the “fake” dossier to get warrants
cowardly black bloc thug dane powell pleads guilty…faces 6 yrs in prison for rioting, assaulting police during trump’s inauguration [video]
seth macfarlane hits the nail on the head; perfectly explains why hollywood hates trump
kathy griffin actually bragged about wanting to “beat down” 11-yr old barron trump 6 months ago
another fox host just got busted sexually harassing female staff
michigan militia group turns on right-wing governor rick snyder
anything can provoke trump to block you on twitter – even ice cream!
undercover video exposes dem delegate explaining how hillary will ban all guns
trump just got dealt a stinging blow from his own son-in-law’s newspaper
invasion of america: possibility of a trump wall has illegals racing to across the border in record numbers
the “brown” the media wont’ cover because he wasn’t killed by a white cop…raekwon juaquay brown,17 year old hero sacrifices his life to save an elderly woman
seth mcfarlane brutally mocks kellyanne conway’s ridiculous ‘microwave’ theory
ohio loser brags about abandoning motorist in snowstorm on social media over trump bumper sticker on car…goes viral
beyoncé just let us know her true feelings on the police and she’s not apologizing
grifter bill clinton pockets millions from promoters of terrorism…talk about selling your soul to the devil!
trump supporters threaten to rape and murder elector’s family if he doesn’t vote for trump
antifa: self-appointed radical revolutionaries or neoliberal thought police?
trump nominee: press could have saved jews if they attacked nazis like they’ve attacked trump
baseball players who called obama ‘f*cking watermelon eatin baboon’ won’t be punished (images/video)
flashback: king obama commutes sentences of 22 drug dealers
twitter just apologized for making donald trump president
former gop epa chiefs endorse clinton: trump would ‘set the world back decades’
gawker fools trump into quoting genocidal maniac, chuck todd destroys him (images/video)
the law of unintended consequences: how strong arm tactics by anti-capitalist left could destroy millions of american jobs
trump holds ‘exquisitely awkward’ event forcing cabinet members to grovel one-by-one
watch: trump doesn’t know what to do during moment of silence for justice scalia
muslim immigrant beats 22-term mn democrat…thanks packed room of somali immigrants in foreign language…no american flags visible [video]
d.c. bar owner where seth rich was last seen drops bombshell: no employees of bar questioned by dc police…never asked for surveillance tapes [video]
wow! bernie sanders goes full commie: calls for social, economic, environmental…justice [video]
sarah palin just sent a truly idiotic message to ‘smart democrats’
anti-police beyonce to campaign for hillary clinton in ohio
obama’s ‘you know it’s black history month when’ joke stole the show, made michelle blush
huma abedin in talks to write “tell all” for a huge pay day…does anyone care?
“comedian” chris rock was a racist before it was cool: “you can’t beat white people at anything…nothing. but you can knock ’em out.” [video]
trump just literally gave the wwe a cabinet position; world doomed
ron paul sums up obama’s #fakepresidency in one brutal facebook post
breaking: fbi director james comey re-opens investigation of hillary’s private server, as new details emerge
president obama gives powerful speech at hillary clinton rally on eve of election
seattle city councilwoman incites riot…vows to shut down trump inauguration [video]
charlotte #blacklivesmatter update: sub-human black mob brutally beats young white man begging for mercy in parking garage [video]
watch: trump aide goes into a bizarre rant while evading sexism allegations
breaking: pope met privately with enemy of left, kim davis
lawmakers want answers about jared kushner’s huge debt and meeting with russian banker
national security expert warns of the dire dangers of trump’s plan for intel community
tin-pot tyrant trump thinks the first amendment goes too far
trump to the terminally ill: ‘i don’t care how sick you are’
mother of son killed in afghanistan to anti-american 49er’s qb colin kaepernick: “my heart is exploding, my lungs are without air, my blood is boiling, my body is shaking, and tears are running down my face” [video]
al gore silences critics, gives full-throated endorsement of clinton
trump gets stomped by twitter after demanding obama be investigated for sharing ‘top secret’ info
walmart removes controversial t-shirt but black lives matter tees remain
trump jr.’s accomplice that set up russian meeting checked in for it on facebook
public housing residents getting free cars in government program…where’s my car? [video]
abc news reports: las vegas massacre suspect’s hard drive is missing from his laptop
breaking video of hillary supporter and #blacklivesmatter activist vandalizing trump’s brand new dc hotel [video]
this moving message to trump supporters might just make america great again
hillary clinton rape enabler: “what kind of monster does this?” [video]
watch: jorge ramos makes sean hannity look like a complete a**hole
watch: widow of slain navy seal william ryan owens receives incredible standing ovation during pres. trump’s speech [video]
jay dyer on tragedy & hope – part 4: rothschilds, central banks, fdr & the us imperium
watch: ebony magazine editor destroy hillary with one embarrassing question
new video…antifa terror group infiltrated…transgender leader: use “knives to stab” opponents…have “ak-47’s ready” to shut down free speech
not kidding: democrats are calling for obama to be hillary’s running mate…but is that legal?
ultimate hypocrites! russian ambassador visited obama’s white house 6 times during hillary’s uranium deal…bill clinton bagged $500k speaking fee in moscow [video]
ben carson destroys interrupting anti-trump msnbc host: “can you turn her microphone off please?” [video]
ford ceo tells trump they’ll move forward with plans to open $2.5 billion plant in mexico…and here’s why [video]
black panthers and brown berets crash trump rally to shut down free speech [video]
newsflash for our imperial president: states can refuse iran deal [video]
when in rome: erdogan thugs rough-up press, protesters in washington – no outrage from white house
breaking: house intel to produce “smoking gun” showing obama administration spied on trump transition team
fox news forced to cancel their next debate because trump has better things to do
trump’s favorite news channel tries to soothe his battered ego – gets taken to the cleaners
breaking: charity failed to reveal 1,100 donors to the clinton foundation
clueless in libya: clinton e-mails show more than you might think
ted cruz refuses to meet with tx muslims because he’s a complete jerk
he was warned against negotiating with terrorists: iran says they won’t permit foreigners “to inspect the most normal military site in their dreams.”
watch joe biden tells us exactly what trump is, brilliantly rips him from end to end
breaking! refugee terrorist coverup: obama’s doj aided iraqi refugee terror suspect to allegedly deny campaign momentum to trump [video]
boiler room – ep #45 – horror hotel, trump gatecrash & cynical ploys
video shows stunning damage to streets of historic hamburg after soros’ anti-capitalism cockroaches cleared out of g20 [video]
delusional democrat al green: “i will draw up documents of impeachment” [video]
tucker carlson exposes radical middle school teacher who organizes violent protesters to shut down free speech[video]
kentucky democrat’s brilliant bill would require men to obtain note from wives to get viagra
oklahoma gop bill would ban suicidal lgbt teens from seeking help from pro-gay therapists
breaking: clinton chairman’s sister-in-law lobbied clinton’s state department…earned six figure income
d.l. hughley slams trump’s racism, reminds the world why he is a comedy legend
rapper who met with obama in white house to strategize, tweets threat: “dear white people if trump wins young niggas such as myself are fully hell bent on inciting riots everywhere we go”
how gorsuch will have immediate effect on historic 2nd amendment decision and these significant controversial cases
watch: detroit artist takes knee and raises fist while singing national anthem at lions game…young boys standing next to him appear to be confused
why are democrats willing to put women working at white house at risk, by allowing sexual predator, accused rapist to roam halls?
oops! attorney general lynch slips up: no sign of ‘technical interference’ from the russians
dc women’s march aftermath: streets littered with trash
episode #149 – sunday wire: ‘part ii: another road to damascus’ with guests vanessa beeley, ghoufran derawan
people are now hilariously trolling marco rubio by showing up to rallies dressed as robots
breaking: huge victory for free speech and unborn babies against planned parenthood [video]
anti-hillary posters pop up all over hollywood…great timing!
mass exodus from democrat party in liberal massachusetts…trump effect?
trump is reportedly preparing executive order to deport illegals living on welfare…kill anchor baby benefits
breaking: obama administration to expand number of refugees brought to america
hillary has four words for everyone claiming she pals with donald trump
ben carson speaks out on trump controversy…democrats are panicking
attorneys ask to dial back security at trial for 7 terror suspects in mn, fears it will influence jury: argues isil not a terrorist group
oscar winning actress jennifer lawrence recalls attending same concert as trump: “i was adamant on finding him and then making a video of me going, ‘hey trump, f*ck you!’” [video]
crazy video of muslim jihadess being dragged up hill in burqa after police arrest her for plot to blow up train
donna brazile destroys palin for blaming her woman-beating son’s arrest on obama
o’reilly blasts fox news’ liberal murdoch brothers after disastrous viewer ratings are revealed
what cher just did for the residents of flint, michigan is absolutely incredible
the better business bureau calls trump out as the lying liar that he absolutely is
fox news’ roger ailes has actually been harassing female journalists for decades
nsa architect: nsa snooping expires but feds will continue surveillance of americans’ phone records
judge jeanine is furious! rino’s are plotting to take down president trump…cowardly gop sitting back, watching democrats ‘railroad their president’…only one republican is defending trump [video]
grifter hillary clinton was paid for speeches given to government contractors…no ethics!
how fox news broke election laws, and it helped trump
rain, rain go away: toddler trump throws record-breaking tantrum because he can’t golf
you won’t believe who rachel maddow blames for her trump tax dud [video]
watch: party girl malia obama caught on camera rolling and pounding fists into the ground at wild chicago lallapalooza festival
trump once tried to force his wife to be playboy’s centerfold
chicago daycare opens for adults to wear diapers, act like babies
thanks to dem governor, louisiana starts enrolling over 375,000 people onto medicaid
snl’s rachel dratch exposes the terrifying lunacy of open carry laws in less than 2 minutes
busted! hillary and bill clinton’s massive money laundering scheme with for-profit university makes trump university accusation look like small potatoes
[video] dinesh d’souza warned us about what the world would look like if we gave obama another term in “2016: obama’s america”…was he correct?
oklahoma supreme court rules punishing smokers with cigarette tax “unconstitutional”…lawmakers forced to fill shocking hole in state budget
trump: “let obamacare fail… i’m not going to own it.”
press asks sean spicer to prove trump left businesses, his response is infuriating
this is rich! commie nyc mayor unleashes class war on scott walker from swanky private club
michelle obama’s middle east speech: compares her oppressive childhood to muslim girls living under sharia law [video]
alec baldwin and melissa mccarthy probably just put the final nail in sean spicer’s coffin
cher’s currently on a twitter rampage against trump, and it’s beautiful
is this the moment that trump decided to run for president? watch trump as cruel jokes are made about a possible trump presidency [video]
trump mocks americans upset over election in delusional victory speech
breaking: reporter says secret service took debate attendees phones to avoid flash that could trigger hillary’s seizures [video]
watch: diamond and silk make a surprise visit to “the view” and it might be the funniest thing you’ve ever seen
report: trump won’t be handling foreign or domestic tasks as president
which is it? did susan rice lie to andrea mitchell or judy woodruff two weeks ago? [video]
clinton’s beg for cash as foundation’s ability to peddle influence has been undermined by trump and russian hackers…lol!
trump posts disgusting video of himself viciously assaulting hillary clinton
wow! one courageous man stands against rioters holding best sign ever!
andrew breitbart warned us the occupy wall street movement would morph into an orchestrated race war [video]
sean spicer fires off tweet after resignation as media speculation explodes
priceless! watch embarrassing moment rino governor is reminded by president trump that he didn’t endorse him in general election: “i never forget”
watch: desperate for ratings, megyn kelly goes on ellen degeneres show…blames trump for her exit from fox news…claims she was “never a political person”…ellen’s not buying it
trump gets p*ssed as today hosts slam his ‘lying’ campaign manager over and over
trump retweets hilarious video of him hitting golf ball that hits crooked hillary in the head…left goes nuts!
more networks join in the boycott of new trump ad
gop rep. wants you to ‘look at all the good’ that came from the charleston massacre
cnn smacks trump with inauguration day ratings facts after he praises fox news
leaked email proves trump officials aware russia had ‘thrown the usa election’ to trump
trump’s cabinet is record-breaking — in the worst possible way
fake news week: mainstream media – all the fake news that’s fit to print
‘responsible gun owner’ who shot his girlfriend beaten unconscious by partygoers
epic news conference about milwaukee riots democrats won’t want you to see: “stop trying to fix the police…fix the ghettos”
watch mitch mcconnell admit he’s lying about why he obstructed obama’s scotus nominee
(video) alan dershowitz – sad day for justice – baltimore prosecutor overcharged and identified with protesters
pope francis just infuriated conservatives by washing and kissing muslim refugees’ feet
what?! john mccain says rand paul is “working for putin”
breaking: donald trump video statement on leaked private conversation from 10 years ago [video]
watch: hillary clinton gave the perfect response to trump’s childish insult
five facts about the obama economy that trump does not want you to know
even trump’s homeland security chief thinks he’s full of sh*t about the border wall
desperation? the clinton grifters go back on the campaign trail
watch: cnn host gets schooled by guest after comparing oregon protesters to #blacklivesmatter terrorists
trump comes out swinging: new ad features one of bill’s rape victims…with surprise ending [video]
shocking videotaped interview with barack hussein obama’s “brother”malik: ‘i’d like to see him (barack) be for real, not so deceptive’
trump campaign staffer gets convicted of election fraud in michigan
boom! wikileaks shows hillary speech to bankers:”i would like to see more successful business people run for office…you can be maybe rented but never bought”
catholic church: it is not ‘necessary’ for bishops to report child sex abuse to police
elizabeth warren just ripped trump to shreds after he suggested hillary should be killed
watch: cnn reporter gets skewered for mocking polio survivor mitch mcconnell after trump helps him up stairs
campaign volunteers deliver opposing messages: support a lawless nation or vote to restore law and order, honor our veterans
not kidding: call a transexual “he” if he wants to be called “she” in communist nyc…pay staggering $250,000 fine
police refused to believe german man’s emergency call saying girlfriend was being raped by refugee with machete while camping
conservatives throw racist hissy fit because malia obama acted like a teenager at concert
what is going on with hillary’s eyes…could it be related to parkinson’s disease? [video]
joe scarborough is a republican no more
this one tweet perfectly depicts how hillary is about to destroy trump in the general
anonymous takes aim at ted cruz: what they have could end his campaign–and his marriage
radical, intolerant students held college administrators hostage…and no one cared [video]
trump was just busted for daydreaming at g20 meeting, this is beyond humiliating
is washington post inciting violence against fox news’ hosts: “kill fox & friends before it’s too late”
president trump travels to orlando for private school visit angering teachers unions: ‘shows hostility towards public schools’
boom! customs agents ignore obama appointed judge’s court order…enforce trump’s travel ban
kellyanne conway admits comey tapes probably exist but says trump doesn’t have them
trump stooge nunes just gave the most immature answer when asked if he will recuse himself
must see results of new poll asking americans one word they associate with hillary
check out this racist ‘what do you hate most about obama’ poll conservatives are sharing
joke of the day
rich couple’s insane explanation for why they’ll vote trump has entire world facepalming
boom! actor james woods has hilarious response to angry feminist msnbc host’s criticism of ivanka’s “girly” dress
why decision liberal judge in connecticut is about to make could be huge threat to our second amendment
an american tragedy: who really killed jonbenét ramsey?
here’s why trump’s muslim ban is absolutely necessary
lefty communist calls trump-supporting high school students ‘white supremacists’. hilarity ensues! [video]
trump gets called out: khizr khan and harry reid dare him to take his own naturalization test
cops killed by guns up 150%…hillary panders to black voters: “we have to retrain our police officers”
shocker! why bernie supporters at dnc overwhelmingly say they’ll vote trump…[video]
not every hollywood actor approved of meryl streep’s anti-trump rant last night…check out vince vaughn and mel gibson’s reactions
loser trump fails miserably again as ‘monday night football’ ratings soar
al gore: climate change is “principal” cause of syrian war
watch: this is why conservative ‘christians’ really still support serial molestor donald trump
trump doubles down via the law, moves to protect white supremacists from law enforcement
lol! democrat congressman humiliated after comparing trump to dangerous “racist” republican governor…watch republican congressman explain governor was actually a democrat [video]
ex-doj lawyer just dropped the most depressing truth bomb about the trump administration
bombshell: political assassination of mike flynn reportedly led by high-level obama advisor worried hidden details of iran deal will be exposed
karma: conservative group’s plan to sabotage lgbtq dance hilariously backfires (image/video)
lol! $45 million dollar whoopi complains conservatives prevented her from making a living [video]
boom! marco rubio has best line of the day at comey hearings [video]
these two fantastic tweets perfectly show the main difference between hillary and trump
neo-nazis are flocking to trump’s campaign and openly bragging about it
tv host rips anti-gay christian leader to shreds for using religion to excuse bigotry
rape can be considered a pre-existing condition under gop healthcare law
jesse watters panel goes off rails while debating if clinton should be charged: “your boy trump” [video]
al cops kill suicidal woman after her parents call for help
texas republican rejects canadian offer of real help for hurricane victims, asks for prayers instead
watch: president trump channels successful developer days…cuts ribbon to celebrate shocking number of regulation rollbacks…businesses cheer!
trump humiliated at the beach this weekend with hilarious flying banner
“our moral obligation” – obama visits laos and vietnam on apology tour…pledges millions
buckle up america: dinesh d’souza’s is about to expose the democrat party in “hillary’s america”…watch the powerful new trailer here
trump just threw a colossal hissy fit on twitter, now he looks more incompetent than ever
marvel just turned donald trump into a villain and it is perfect (images/video)
hillary’s ‘environmental justice’ plan is the kind of kick ass policy we’ve been waiting for
hey america…where was the outrage when obama chose the 7 nations trump banned from entering us…or obama’s ban of cuban refugees on last day in office?
analysis: trump lied 53 times during his congressional speech
king obama just proclaimed the month of june will be dedicated to celebrating homosexuality
watch: black lives matter thugs loot 7-eleven store after cop shootings…taunt, make obscene gestures at grieving dallas police officers
top priority: obama springs crack dealers out of prison in record numbers
geraldo rivera: gop will only nominate a ‘crazy person’ who ‘can never be elected’
show this to your friends who don’t fully grasp the severity of hillary clinton’s email breach
watch president trump’s most savage moments….plus our favorite! [video]
michelle obama to hillary: “if you can’t run your own house…you certainly can’t run the white house” [video]
democrats go on the attack against voter id laws
happy tears: young girl heartbroken over obama leaving finally meets her hero
trump is a monstrous threat to a vital government function that nobody is talking about
lgbt community furious after catholic school rejects “boys, girls and other mythological creatures” play for students as young as 5 yrs old
trump firing special counsel investigating russian connections a possibility according to attorney
jake tapper blasts trump’s ‘do a lot more with less’ line: does a weekly visit to palm beach qualify?
watch marge simpson have the panic attack we’re all having over the 2016 election
college holds early segregated orientation to help only minority students with financial aid and schedules
front-row felon! americans are stunned to see who sat in front row at obama’s farewell speech [video]
jeb! makes awkward ‘hurricane katrina’ joke, reminds voters of brother’s awful record (video/tweets)
“with all due respect”: hhs sec tom price runs circles around nbc’s chuck todd [video]
gingrich rips “open borders” paul ryan for not endorsing trump: “he has an obligation to unify the party” [video]
here’s the embarrassing reason why trump refused to do on-camera appearances this morning
dear liberal, why i’m so hostile…and how “your political beliefs are a threat to liberty – not just for me, but for my three boys”
conservative white grievance queen has pathetic twitter meltdown over meryl streep
you won’t believe who the white house wants to replace scaramucci with
brilliant move: mike rowe calls out liberal celebs when asked why he doesn’t use fame for ‘get out the vote’
hillary clinton is ‘most corrupt, militaristic candidate we have seen in decades’
virginia school has black kid arrested for drinking milk
sacramento police on the hunt for right-wing terrorists that distributed these racist flyers
wow! watch journalist cassandra fairbanks: “why i, a bernie supporter prefer trump to hillary clinton”
pro-trump ‘christian’ leaders just got taken to the woodshed by 700 christian women
conservative convicted of trying to assassinate obama with a slingshot — yes, a slingshot
student haz a sad after everyone mocks him for his trump hat
lying liar reince priebus says trump is fulfilling pledges at ‘breakneck speed’
pastor goes full y’all qaeda defending roy moore: he only wanted teen girls for their ‘purity’
someone just tried to perform an exorcism on ted cruz; unfortunately, it failed
just in: obama appointed judge presiding over michael flynn’s case suddenly recuses himself…clinton appointed judge will sentence flynn
soledad o’brien slams media for supporting white supremacy
unreal! house moves to ban sale or display of confederate flag in federal cemeteries
deadbeats beware: trump’s food stamp reform is your worst nightmare
front-row felon! americans are stunned to see who sat in front row at obama’s farewell speech [video]
muslims raise $20,000 in three hours to fix vandalized jewish cemetery as trump does nothing
95 yr old wwii veteran writes scathing letter to obama: “i can’t figure out what country you’re the president of”
fox news host leaks that spicer is getting fired, claims she’s already in talks to take over his job
trump’s wisconsin speech knocks it out of the park: “the war on our police must end” [video]
marco rubio grows a spine, blasts trump for trying to team up with putin
watch: ivanka trump gets skewered by saturday night live for helping her crazy dad
trump spokeswoman on rally violence: it’s just a ‘head-on collision with the truth’
nancy pelosi giggles like a child: says it’s hard to call donald trump president trump
delegates for dummies: how they’re awarded…and how many your candidate needs to win [video]
sanctimonious, open-borders paul ryan is tanking in polls…will fed up voters avenge non-trump supporters in november?
political hack rihanna sings “we are the new america” at the final four…what exactly is “new america”?
watch: trump puts together hilarious montage of democrats, rino’s and talking heads saying he’d never get 1237 delegates
nfl denies dallas cowboys’ request to honor slain police officers…ignores nfl player who posted pic of cop’s neck being slit on social media
ivanka trump just actually became our new first lady
dnc vice chair resigns, declares support for bernie sanders
[video] hillary’s van blows by elderly people in wheelchairs waiting to see her on way to manufactured event
whoops: the damning email scott walker staffers forgot to shred
the gop has made such a mockery of elections even canada gets to poke fun at us
black caucus member james clyburn suggests racism is motive for rep. john conyers sexual assault accusers…”these are all white women” [video]
breaking: challenge over! pennsylvania recount a no go!
the “islamic rape of europe”…one nation is fighting back in most politically incorrect way
is the washington post waging a ‘media war’ on president trump?
watch: wife of nfl player admits raiders “all-black offensive line allowed” qb dereck carr “to get injured” as payback for not supporting anthem protests
angry dad confronts school board after finding out children being taught islam in school [video]
is obama punishing fiat-chrysler for 2,000 us jobs, $1 billion us investment announcement? fiat-chrysler ceo says epa allegations are ‘absolute nonsense’ [video]
lol! trump supporters sing “hey, hey, hey good bye!” as they send antifa, soros-paid democrats in berkeley back to parent’s basements [video]
are angry leftists planning violent communist revolution?…“it is their goal to “block, obstruct, disrupt” trump’s inauguration
paul ryan: no, the gop is not donald trump’s party
not-so-slick willy: bill clinton tries to joke around about hillary’s e-mail scandal…not funny [video]
republican candidate gets caught calling for lynching president obama
sarah palin humiliates herself by picking a fight with bill nye: he’s ‘as much a scientist as i am’
twitter humiliates trump for bragging about george w. bush attending inauguration
amerikkka: arrested for drinking coffee while black
nbc busted making up embarrassing “gotcha” trump story in attempt to help hillary
love him or hate him…here are 7 ways trump helps the spineless gop
wow! wiggle room: great ad hammers clinton on lies [video]
grandstanding dem senator scolded by intel chair for interrupting deputy ag rosenstein [video]
muslim teens stage fake terrorist attack in mn movie theater…guess who they blame?
obama expected to release plan to close gitmo…and give it back to cuba?
unreal! demoted deputy ag bailed on being interviewed by senate intelligence committee today
trump said he could easily end the bloodshed in chicago, a new doj plan doesn’t even mention it
teacher uses “shooting at trump” as an option on multiple choice quiz for high school students
treasury dept depicts lady liberty as a black woman on new u.s. coin
ep #15: patrick henningsen live – ‘crisis of american liberalism’ with guest caleb maupin
watch barack become agitated when cnn ally confronts him on world stage: “why can’t we take out these bast*rds” (obama’s jv team)
the most conservative states depend far more on federal aid – this proves it
unbelievable! obama’s attorney general says most charlotte rioters were “peaceful” protesters…in her home state of north carolina [video]
wisconsin priest comes out as “gay” during sunday mass…gets standing ovation…wait…what?
president trump’s heartfelt father’s day proclamation: “thank the men in our lives who have taken on the responsibility of raising children.”
watch: white lives matter group carries assault rifles outside houston naacp building
watch: ronald reagan warned us about obama 40 years ago…too bad no one listened
the woman who moved freedom loving americans to tears with her passionate irs testimony is now asking for our help
robert reich just ruined a trump supporter’s week with facts
lawyer for fbi informant knows of russian bribery and info ‘that involves the clintons’ [video]
trump gets leveled for literally thanking himself on twitter for something he had nothing to do with
jeff sessions lies through his teeth in opening statements: here are the facts
us media hyped ‘active shooter’ drill at andrews base as real event
nixon’s counsel during watergate calls out trump administration: they’re ‘in cover-up mode’
dinesh d’souza has a brilliant message for all americans…especially never trumpers [video]
christian school principal arrested for horrific case of child rape
youtube gives disgusting reason for pulling 95% of ad revenue from outspoken president trump fans diamond and silk: videos “not suitable for all advertisers”
second military mom slams trump: ‘this is an attack on all gold star families’
george takei just b*tch-slapped trump after he claimed he won the popular vote
trump demanded the anne frank center ‘praise’ him for finally denouncing antisemitism; their response is epic
russian ambassador visited obama 6 times during hillary uranium to russia scandal
kellyanne conway launches into bizarre rant against democrats, imagines her own death
muslim clock boy who didn’t invent anything moving to middle east to attend prestigious program for innovators
62-yr old german woman arrested, home raided, hit with huge fine for posting anti-immigrant joke on facebook
ben carson furious as republican senate group uses sneaky tactic to fundraise…only it’s not for ben
where’s the oversight? obama funneled billions to liberal groups through doj ‘slush fund’ [video]
homeland security: isis has already tried to exploit refugee program to enter u.s. [video]
john cleese slams trump: it’s like he’s ‘assembling the crew for a pirate ship’ – not a presidency
here’s how crooked hillary deleted the “money trail” of millions in e-mails
melania wins huge settlement from tabloid over fake and “embarrassing claims”
if hillary has to drop out of the race…here’s what will happen
harry reid wants the government to lie to trump – for very good reasons
hollywood libs create insane propaganda video for obama: warning iran will bomb us with nukes if congress blocks obama’s deal,”like a really dark unpleasant death toast”
donald trump owes hundreds of ordinary people money
tim kaine shows trump decent way to respond after his shameful dwyane wade tweet
‘pro-life’ scott walker just signed two bills that will increase the need for abortions
another american known wolf? fort lauderdale shooter known to fbi, worked for security, amid backdrop of mass drills
college qb kneed out of anger over trump’s remarks about nfl players disrespecting our flag…immediately gets bad news from coach
death panels? princeton professor wants to kill disabled babies and wants obamacare to pay for it
breaking: liberal media’s worst nightmare comes true…kellyanne conway lands top position on trump’s team
trump decides to gut united nations funding by 50 percent, embarrassing and endangering america on the world stage
realist perspective: president trump, how & why…
breaking: federal court rules on nsa’s warrantless collection of data…
watch: joy reid destroys trump supporter who claims trump’s campaign isn’t racist
guess who paid for family of gov dependent muslim terrorists’ security and travel expenses to u.s.
trevor noah dropkicks donald trump with a truly brutal one-liner
what is going on with the secret service?
trump’s lawyer destroys #chriswallace in heated exchange: “no chris, i deal with fact and law” [video]
“never-trumper” and weekly standard editor sends vile tweet mocking vp pence…suggests pence has replaced god with president trump
espn reporter says trump’s supporters are white supremacists, they use her facebook page to prove she’s right
marco rubio really wants to win reelection, but won’t rule out puling a sarah palin
president trump calls out corrupt fbi clinton crony for alleged ‘misuse’ of fbi email
#blacklivesmatter supporters say no connection to cop killers…why we beg to differ
wow! house intelligence chair confirms trump was correct…trump transition team was surveilled by obama [video]
elementary school plans ‘blacks only’ field trip to college for third graders
ouch! joe biden’s former staffer’s scorching firsthand experience that’s sure to cause a stir
restaurant owner makes awesome sign mocking transgender bathroom law
republican asks trump to roll back protections against rape on college campuses
breaking: baltimore got bucket loads of money from obama’s stimulus…you really won’t believe how much!
cruz literally steals line from legendary movie to defend wife from donald trump
‘i’m not negotiating with you’ trump slams cbs reporter over north korea [video]
trump rocks massive pensacola, fl rally: “the citizens of this country will be in charge once more.” [transcript and video]
breaking: video of young obama emerges discussing mentor frank marshall davis’ advice about growing up in a white racist world
fast food ceo confirms that minimum wage hikes are good for business
‘christians’ who leave fake $20 tips for servers draw epic response from restaurant manager
trump meeting privately with putin, asked aides for gifts to give him
colbert lays waste to fallen candidates after iowa in this hilarious ‘tribute’
hillary clinton finally makes history…but it’s not the kind of history she was hoping to make
has face book sided with muslim jihadists against free speech? muhammed cartoon contest winner is removed from social media site
bill clinton appears bewildered when coal miners boo him in west va: “mrs. clinton’s anti-coal messages are the last thing our suffering town needs at this point” [video]
watch: president trump and first lady receive standing o and cheers at christmas eve church service [video]
obama uses ted cruz’s own father to prove cruz is a morally reprehensible bigot
this psychic apparently couldn’t predict the lawsuit she’d face by refusing a gay couple
watch trump fans b*tch and moan about how hard life is for trump fans
there’s something hokey about ted
fellow officer says cops were not in danger when they shot suicidal vet
neo-nazis think they know exactly who is responsible for forcing flynn out; predicts others will fall too
fema: it’s ‘not our job’ to deliver food and water relief to puerto rico
awesome: patriots and sheriff stand guard as feds try to confiscate navy vet’s guns
director of community relations at univ of wi: “stealing from wal-mart shouldn’t be a crime” [video]
new benghazi e-mails discovered raising new question of who withheld them
ohio democratic headquarters vandalized with literal load of sh*t
oops! video emerges of comey testifying under oath that trump administration did not pressure fbi to halt any investigations for political purposes [video]
the world’s buildings turn purple in honor of prince
obama hosts muslim eid celebration…jabs trump for “singling out” muslims [video]
jimmy fallon debuts his bernie sanders impression and it’s hilarious
hillary dances while trump works: the clinton grifters dance with rock stars at fundraiser in the hamptons
republican senator predicts trump’s next big legislative push will fail just like trumpcare
reeking of desperation, trump sends out ‘poll’ asking his followers to prove they love him
charity is buying bankrupt homophobic pastor’s church, converting it to lgbt youth haven
here’s why mega band u2 is blaming trump for delay of release of new album [video]
melania visits coast guard with potus…one part of her outfit causes liberal freak out [video]
trumpsters launch insane conspiracy theory about the boot on john mccain’s foot
donald trump tweets he is ready to hand putin the keys to our electoral system
protester rushes stage at nyc play showing assassination of president trump: “you have the blood of steve scalise on your hands!”[video]
you won’t believe what rubio said about the flint michigan water contamination crisis
it takes a village of thugs: nashville cop sees black man assaulting woman in projects…cop tries to arrest him…crowd attacks cop…crowd cheers, “he’s going down!” [video]
about time! christian group sues amazon and splc for designation as hate group
bombshell: fbi admits they are directly investigating donald trump
crooked harry reid threatens fbi director james comey in letter…last paragraph of letter says it all
fathers of sons murdered by illegal aliens have brutal father’s day message for paul ryan
popular fox news reporter busted having five year affair with las vegas beauty
name of republican billionaire donor committed to taking down trump is exposed…will it affect her business?
a pandering hillary clinton breaks out her phony southern accent at memphis rally [video]
agent angelina: are cia using hollywood’s jolie as soft power operative?
hillary worker from california caught on video committing voter fraud in nevada
hillary clinton supporters now calling for a recount of votes in battleground states
wow! bob beckel out at fox news: host of ‘the five’ in hot water
epic conservative take down after cnn ambush of radio host [video]
wow! starbucks ceo just accused whites of committing senseless violence against “people who are not white”…and he’s getting destroyed on social media
video: crowd chants “lock her up!” as crooked hillary is introduced at #inauguration
watch father of #benghazi victim slam hillary: “my son would still be alive…” – #neverforget the benghazi heroes 9/11/12 [video]
wow! white liberals suggest blacks are too stupid to get id’s…can’t figure out how to use internet [video]
watch: former director of national intelligence shreds trump claim that obama wiretapped him
khan reaction: read the letter the families of eleven fallen soldiers just sent to trump
cliven bundy takes charge of remaining oregon militiamen, says they will continue occupation indefinitely
right-wing radio host gets owned by neil degrasse tyson for lying about him
wwii vet asks basketball legend bobby knight a question at trump town hall…he gets an epic bobby knight response! [video]
flashback: watch ted cruz promise to support donald trump as republican candidate [video]
(video)krauthammer and gutfeld on obama’s obsession with fox news and class war
trump reportedly thinking about replacing jeff sessions with candidate who won’t cower to pressure from the swamp
chicago cubs snub trump, will visit white house before obama leaves to celebrate world series victory
ted cruz’s tour bus gets towed in iowa – has to hitch a ride
[video] trump to cnn’s anderson cooper “the people don’t trust you, and the people don’t trust the media”
watch ted cruz promise to support trump if he became nominee…today, cruz (hillary) supporters run ads against trump in swing states [video]
breaking news #portland : violent anti-trump terrorists caught on video destroying everything in their path [video]
another one bites the dust: gop candidate hangs up presidential run
wikileaks reminds the world: “obama has a history of tapping & hacking his friends and rivals”
joy behar humiliates trump for flynn resignation, says what we’re all thinking
man who threatened to shoot muslims uses the ‘fox news made me do it’ defense
watch: fox scrambles to refute wiretapping claim after trump throws them under the bus
epic liberal smackdown: “burning up the streets, blocking roads, making people late for work…i’m glad i don’t live in nyc, washington, oregon because i’d run your a*s over!” [video]
watch: what trump just said about 9/11 proves republicans still don’t get it
trump just got caught trying to blackmail morning joe hosts
insane salary paid to progressive univ of wisconsin’s “queer migration” teacher
the obamas milk every last minute: will throw final taxpayer funded bash for “major donors”
president obama burns canadian ted cruz with epic joke
hookers for hillary: why they’ve got her back…[video]
watch: bill o’reilly just said the women’s marches were just like totalitarian regimes
ball family member reveals sick reason lavar ball allegedly wouldn’t let his sons see their mother after “surgery to remove portion of her skull”
watch susan rice lie about spying on trump: “i know nothing about this”…white house computer logs say she’s lying! [video]
trump tries to stick it to press with inaugural photo, totally misses one yuge problem
boiler room ep #118
carl bernstein: donald trump is a fascist strongman and a pathological liar
trump thanks putin for slashing us embassy staff: ‘it cut our payroll’
left goes nuts: chemist from dc wins miss usa title after saying health care is a “privilege” and not a “right” [video]
time magazine cover perfectly illustrates what’s happening to trump and he’s going to hate it
general destroys trump for insulting the military
kentucky republican to rape victim: getting dna from rapist worse intrusion than being raped
why did the un have a pro-gun control meeting at spa in mexico and why weren’t dissenters allowed?
they laid their lives on the line for us….we give them hospitals with rats dropping from the ceiling and cockroaches in their food
strange: trump ‘internet takeover’ fear story calls for canada to manage net archive
clinton gets trump to finally snap: in a fit of rage, he admits he’s little more than a con artist
classless michelle obama hits trump with outright lie in interview with oprah [video]
illegal immigration case: justice roberts used obama’s own words against him
(video) john kerry: ‘arms and missiles were thrown in as add-ons’ to iran deal
new york times refuses to publish op-ed by lifetime democrat, top legal scholar alan dershowitz because it defended innocence of president trump [video]
hillary on disabled children during easter egg hunt: “when are they going to get those f*****g ree-tards out of here?”
trump-loving kkk leader’s bloated corpse pulled from missouri riverbank
the “obama bounce”: ukip leader claims obama’s insulting threat to uk voters backfired…actually drove voters to support “leave eu” movement
how the fbi cracked a terror plot on black friday that may have been worse than 9-11
uaw bullies print names of non-members in right-to-work state [video]
here’s how the trump campaign can still win and why they probably won’t
flashback video: al sharpton assaults fox news reporter for asking baltimore mayor why she allowed thugs loot and burn down businesses
holy cash cow! check out how much wall street funneled into hillary’s foundation/slush fund
shocking! evidence shows why obama is heart of violent #blacklivesmatter cop killing, anti-white movement
leftist prof who wants “earth constitution” will speak at vatican rollout of papal document on phony ‘global warming’
while the world is freaking the hell out trump is watching ‘finding dory’
pelosi loses it: calls tax cuts ‘end of the world’…’armageddon!’ [video]
trump wants to impose an ideological litmus test on immigrants (which he couldn’t even pass)
disgusting trump is using hurricane as an opportunity to deport people
nyc mayor deblasio says ‘something is changing in america” announces new “communist manifesto” agenda
the corporate plantation: ncaa college sports oligopoly
ep 6: patrick henningsen live with guest robert parry – ‘america’s mainstream media meltdown’
paul krugman, top economists: bernie sanders is engaging in ‘fantasy economics’
can hillary lie her way out of this one? physician says hillary has parkinson’s disease…hillary admits she couldn’t even “get up” after convention
mike pence booed by bitter liberals at broadway show hamilton…lectured to by lead actor [video]
whoa! dnc disaster: sanders supporters crash wasserman shultz speech [video]
trump trolls caught in the act of spewing identical propaganda over and over again
dubious reports of advertisements seeking trump protesters: “get paid fighting against trump”
you’ve been “trumped”: trump’s response to prez candidate bobby jindal’s attack on him is epic [video]
hysterical liberals cheer for john kerry…he came to protest something…he’s not sure what it is [video]
this big announcement is yet another reason not to vote for hillary clinton
boom! watch sean hannity hit back at bogus sexual harassment allegations: “i can no longer let the slander against me slide” [video]
tn lawmakers got big money to approve 279 percent interest rate loans
you’re fired! why the white house just fired a senior national security aide
tomi lahren: “i guess jill stein wants to see hillary be the first female to lose the election, twice” [video]
obamacare: your dog might have better healthcare than you do
bombshell reports confirm what we already believed about msnbc’s joe and mika
obama finally takes action: kicks 35 russian diplomats out of u.s. over election tampering
nothing big mac: donald trump jr caught in latest russiamania ragbag
maxine waters tells the “greatest desire” for nasty dems: “to lead trump right into impeachment” [video]
trump is right again! while pundits and politicians dodge the truth, trump calls ‘em like he sees ‘em [video]
disgusting video emerges of liberal actor, and democrat donor, ben affleck that should have ended his career
bernie sanders receives first endorsement from a current u.s. senator
reporter: how creepy donald trump ‘hit on’ me today
newt gingrich hits the nail on the head: here’s where the real influence and money is with the russians [video]
awesome! president trump shows off his strength…obama would have hurt himself doing this [video]
clinton campaign attack dog warns trump and sanders to stay away from bill’s infidelity
rick scott just amped up his war on women in florida
breaking: [video] colorado baker who refused to make cakes with anti-gay message did not discriminate
president obama announces the major, unfulfilled promise he will deliver before leaving office
watch: cartoon destroys trump, shows why he shouldn’t be president
immigrants from soviet union want to know why americans support bernie sanders
un news agency scrubs tweet calling on americans abroad to ‘stop trump’
flaming rino alert! lindsey graham: ‘trump is going to kill my party’
obama releases 15 more dangerous terrorists to go commit more terror…bin laden bodyguard included! [video]
gay voters and #blacklivesmatter to obama, but kids with cancer…not so much
breaking news: bernie supporters caught plagiarizing trump supporters by chanting…. “lock her up!” [video]
watch angry 49ers fan burn colin kaepernick jersey…with the national anthem playing…awesome!
hollywood hypocrites matt damon and russell crowe reportedly helped kill nyt’s story that could have exposed harvey weinstein 13 years ago
african-american museum grand opening irony: watch police violate rights of protester exposing hillary’s racist remarks
occupy wall street is getting the band back together to rally behind a new leader
lol! sarah palin has epic response when msnbc reporter asks if she’s ever been sexually assaulted
pull back the curtain on npr and pbs salaries! that’ll convince you trump’s right to cut, cut, cut!
charlie daniels on obama’s final year: “never send a boy to do a man’s job.”
democrats launch plan to make trump’s first speech to congress very uncomfortable
busted! clinton advisor john podesta paid big money by russia [video]
muslim activists launch voter registration drive, as they know 2016 election will decide america’s future
fox news host makes herself a total laughingstock in attempted dig at nasa
“on day of #niceattack hillary announces amnesty for anyone who stealthily evades our border patrol”
have you fallen for the nude melania trump distraction photos?
columnist wins the internet with priceless answer to hillary-hater’s silly question
bad news for obama, black lives matter terror group: new gallop poll shows love for police officers surged in 2016…near all-time high
obama uses speech on foreign soil to disparage half of america: ted cruz eviscerates jv president with this brutal response [video]
seattle mayor wants to help muslims follow sharia law by offering plan to help buy homes
watch: black police officer lays waste to racist, murdering cops in emotional video
conservative calls president obama a ‘muslim’ over un resolution and gets epically burned
dinesh d’souza destroys leftist college student’s “white privilege” argument [video]
yes, obama can appoint a supreme court justice before he leaves…but will he?
(video) unbelievable punishment for sexual predator at the epa who was ‘fed a steady diet of interns’
kellyanne conway: “where the hell were those democrats when veterans were dying waiting for care?”
unreal! former gitmo detainees protest at u.s. embassy for freebies from the u.s.
about time! house republicans move to charge hillary with perjury for lying under oath before congress [video]
hysterical! the guy who’s spent majority of both terms on golf courses makes this insane demand of congress
saudi arabia’s secret holding of u.s. debt a big deal
judge jeanine is furious! “hillary won’t stop lying!” [video]
climate change deniers get a perfect new name from dan rather that applies to trump supporters
four previously deported illegal aliens charged in rape, beating of couple
realist perspective: president trump, how & why…
body-slamming republican thought he was too important to be booked, printed, judge says no way
trump leaves clinton puppet george stephanopoulos wishing he wouldn’t have asked that question…[video]
after d.c. shooting, president obama once again shows what bipartisan class looks like
breaking: supreme court delivers major blow to obama’s carbon emissions scam
wow! british actress hammers eu leaders: “every one of you who said refugees are welcome, you are responsible for brussels…europe is ‘jihadi central'”
wow! latino group aired terror-like tv ad only days ago showing white man threatening to plow down muslim and minority kids with truck [video]
breaking: baltimore got bucket loads of money from obama’s stimulus…you really won’t believe how much!
watch: fox sports radio host nearly shuts down cnn interview when he offends hypocritical host with one word
tom delay drops a bomb on what fbi sources say about clinton e-mail scandal [video]
breaking undercover video: democrat operative…”we’re starting anarchy here”…hillary knows what’s going on… mentally ill people paid to start violence…admits dems planned riots at chicago trump rally [video]
trump to black voters: you’re poor, your schools suck, and you don’t work
right-wing militias preparing to wage war if hillary clinton beats trump
lol! mother of two just got a big surprise from her employer after she became a hero to democrats for flipping off president trump’s motorcade
trump explodes, attacks jill stein over ‘ridiculous recount’ that could change election results
breaking: [video] baltimore thug arrested after shooting 5 people, falls down when he sees tv cameras and claims injury
obama’s mexico gun-running, race-baiting, former attorney general hired by state of ca to help fight against trump
syria: nikki haley threatens to “do more” despite international outrage at us criminal act of aggression
trump adviser just proved hillary’s ‘basket of deplorables’ comment correct with one image
false flag attack against cuba: a plan hatched by the pentagon
meet the incredibly racist gop senator that just endorsed trump
you’re not going to believe what trump just stopped a press conference for
taxpayer funded left-wing church organization will break law to hide illegal aliens (2016 democrat voters) from authorities
cnn in a panic over assad success, collapse of ‘white helmets’ narrative, fumbling over ‘humanitarian organizations’
loretta lynch’s “behavior” in 2016 election to be investigated by judiciary committee [video]
yale psychiatrists issue dire warning of the dangers of allowing trump to continue as potus
why it’s good news for conservatives that bitter hillary can’t shut up about losing [video]
illegal alien protesters yell at police for not shutting down pro-trump protesters [video]
gold star parents confront black activist spike lee over nfl flag kneelers [video]
cnn liberal anchor freaks out at navy seal when he asks for truth….you won’t believe the reaction! [video]
bill maher nails republicans for letting their party get hijacked by racists
james ‘mad dog’ mattis is asked what keeps him up at night…gives epic answer! [video]
trump just shut down all of the department of the interior’s twitter accounts, because reasons
judge jeanine pirro: “we’re tired of being lectured to by the fat cats in washington” [video]
isis fighters celebrate trump’s victory because he is the ‘beginning’ of america’s destruction
trump just accused the media of committing treason for not saying nice things about him
awesome! hispanic trump supporter rips into pro-sanctuary city officials: “i’m a hard core trump supporter” [video]
fox host goes rogue, shreds trump’s ‘cowardly and dangerous’ charlottesville remarks
is smithsonian museum planning to make hero out of third rate qb, race agitator colin kaepernick?
conservative pro-trump musician who performed in vegas moments before massacre exposes more hollywood trash: ’i wasn’t in a girl group, i was in a prostitution ring’
trump congratulates himself for his own press conference and twitter shatters his fragile ego
watch: officer who crashed motorcycle while escorting trump motorcade gets unexpected call from the president…here’s what trump said that made him smile
michigan man charged with threatening to assassinate president trump
breaking: benghazi report shows state department withheld weapons to agents because they were not “aesthetically pleasing”
boiler room #108 – who’d win in a fight? boiler room vs. hitler vs. dracula
‘the duck man’ has spoken: duck dynasty’s patriarch announces his choice for president in this great video
breaking: why dr ben carson will exit presidential race
breaking! trump moves to withdraw us from tpp: “from this day forward, it’s going to be only america first…”
obama smacks down everyone who thinks democrats left out white workers
millennial and latino disgust with republicans reaches all time highs
why trump supporters are laughing after wikileaks founder julian assange announces what he has on trump
donald trump makes pathetic, racist swipe at president obama for visiting a mosque
u.n. report: police killings of black men in u.s. is ‘human rights crisis’ reminiscent of lynching
shocked! former cia double agent: hillary played ‘russian roulette’ with spies’ lives [video]
trump fans are crying in their milk after their hero breaks yet another promise to them
donald trump has big plans for trump university after lawsuit is over
live stream: president trump’s historic speech to the muslim world: “honestly confronting islamist extremism” [video]
berkeley student kicked off southwest flight for speaking arabic
crazy video: anarchist tries to burn american flag then something awesome happens [video]
boehner announces his final act of cowardice as he steps down before being ousted as speaker
this fox news host is personally begging trump to come to their debate
in the midst of scandal, office containing flint water records ‘broken into’
wow! texas man pays for awesome billboard slamming abc over fake russia-trump news coverage
trump campaign manager gives sickening interview on ‘enormous sacrifices’ trump made
sanders supporters need to be aware of this obstacle if they want to make sure their vote gets counted
new app gives women opportunity to talk about ‘guilt free’ abortions: ‘i’ve had 5 abortions because i love getting pregnant but just not ready for kids.’
#wearenotthis: twitter destroys nc gov. and gop over sweeping anti-lgbt legislation
busted: trump supporter tries to rig election for the gop, gets arrested
lol! watch antifa thug cry like a baby after berkeley police unmask and arrest her
why roy moore’s election win is critical for president trump to replace leftist federal and u.s. supreme court activist judges
disney’s espn punishes trump for free speech…isn’t it time america punished disney for putting their leftist agenda before free speech?
comrades in liberal mi college town filled with medical marijuana stores ignore state law to punish legal tobacco users [video]
what will happen to your guns under president trump?
texas republicans cut environmental regulations and now black sludge is coming out instead of tap water
how female execs are striking back at pharma for using women as ‘eye candy’
watch: florida landscaper swears he accidentally mowed over trump sign…repeatedly
woman who wants to become dnc chair: “my job is to shut other white people down when they say, ‘oh no, i’m not prejudiced!'”[video]
trump swings back at author of fake dossier: ‘failed spy’ might face libel action
100% fed up! with hillary 2016? we’ve got the awesome answer and reasons #whyimnotvotingforhillary
[video] german mayor blames victims of mass rape, sexual assault by muslim migrants for not defending themselves
